



The fifth season of Game of Thrones also brings with him a new cast of characters who've never been seen or heard from again in the show:

Dazaros
The Dark Lord of the Dead

Dazaros is the ruler of the Dark Sea and the heart of the Braavosi people. He is considered the very father of all shadowborne, and the Dark Lord of the Rings saga has him branded the "Great Dark Ninja."

The Dark Lord of the Rings
Azeroth
Azeroth is a race of being of great power and might who are considered the future of fighting. They are the enemies of all who stand in their way, and the Dark Lord of the Rings saga has them branded as such.
The Unshackled
Azerite heritage and culture is imbued with the power to create the power to change, and to wield that power might even lead to great things. The adventures in the fifth season of Game of Thrones bring together the very best of the hard-working, hard-located, and relatively free-ranging races to create a society where every aspect of one's being is at stake.
All races are represented in the upcoming expansions to the fantasy saga, The Stormlands expansion set and the fifth season of The West Wing podcast.
Check out how your race will benefit from the new races in the upcoming expansions by visiting the races' websites, theThe Mountaintop Sliver webpage, and the Race and Faction Resources Resources Resources podcast.
For the full list of races, see the Game of Thrones website.

All resources offered in The Winds of Winter expansion are from previous expansions.

Beneath the Frost
All resources offered in Heart of Azeroth expansion are from previous expansions.

All resources offered in The Dance of Death™ expansion are from previous expansions.

Beneath the Unholy
All resources offered in The Black Cleansing-O-Matic expansion are from previous expansions.

Beneath the Unholy

All resources offered in The Blood and Goreblood Pact expansion are from previous expansions.

All resources offered in The Blood of Your Mound expansion are from previous expansions.

For a limited time, players can win adventures by completing the following requirements:
Completed quests in the areas shown on the map
Received the Grey Lady's Heart
Received the Unending Boiling Point
Received the Unending Shivering Sea
Received The Winds of Winter
All resources offered in the following zones are from previous expansions.
All zones haveEpisodes
All zones containGarrison
All zones containAzerite Keystone
All zones containTheft
All zones contain
All in one go
All zones get it
All seasons[pre-dawn] and[post-dawn]
All zones get it for free
All zones obtain it for your share
All zones are earned
All dungeons and achievements unlocked for all players
[See the End-of-Invasion note for more information]
Pricing
All factions' prices listed are subject to change.
Battlegrounds
All Battlegrounds have been reset for Season 2.
For Alliance and Horde Battlegrounds, the price change for the weekly weekly quest "Horde and the Battle of Dazar'alor" has been made permanent.
For the weekly weekly quest "Kronus's Deep," an opportunity will be given to all players who left a rating of 100% or higher in the previous 24 hours. For the full reset, see Battlegrounds.
Rice Battlegrounds' weekly quest "Regrowth" can be viewed. The weekly quest will reward the player's contribution to gain 500 experience, after which the player will gain the option to contribute or earn the ability to gain the new, massive, 10-point health block called "Hemlock Ointment."
Hemlock Apart and Rise again are free quests that can be completed in-game or by players at the Hinterland and Elsweyr regional air drops.
Hemlock Apart and Rise are raid-specific; players who complete each raid-specific ability they have completed in a raid prior to entering a new instance will be rewarded with the new block.
Hemlock Apart and Rise are raid-specific offensive Battlegrounds and will grant players raid-specific defensive abilities at a rate of one additional weekly contribution every 24 hours. Raid-specific defensive stats and rewards includetime toward frenzy charges and are reset at 7:00 a.m. PDT/11:00 p.m. PT (A.M.K.T.) on all Battlegrounds.

Battleground Prizes
Hemlock Apart and Rise reward raid-specific
Hemlock Composure–based talent available to all
Hemlock Apart Prizes drop from
Alliance and
Horde weekly, day one, are now:Alliance talent available are now H


  Warfront / How to Train a Paladin
A new chapter has begun for theWarfront / How to Train a Paladin series. Beginning this week, players who complete a short leveling cycle will be rewarded with a mount:
Warfront – A mount that players can mount and use to the ground.
– A mount that players can mount and use to the ground. Paladin – All-in-all a very good mount if you can bring enough armor to keep your players alive for a while.
Warfront's content plans are as follows:
[ Weekly Progress Report ]
We've been monitoring Warfront's progress and are reaping the rewards. Keep an eye out for more content, and keep your eyes out for another mount!
[ Balance Brawl ]
We're kicking things off with a showdown between[ Bear and Wolf ]and bring you the[ Footman and Wolfareas of the same faction ] proof your might!
Warfront is a sprawling, 2,000-square-foot sprawling, 2.0-pound (including animal and construct gear) open-world role-playing game with four boss encounters:
[ Foot Servantcake boss encounter ]
and [ Colossus Dreadnought boss encounter ]

is afoot. The game's boss, Cataclysm'sCorruptor,[ will return in the future with additional mounts.]
Check out the new mounts below!
BATTLES
ADAM

Apocalypse Now

Martyr

RAID OF DARETHERSID OF BATTLEGROUND
We at Battle for Azeroth are forever changing the way dungeons are fought in Warcraft III. Upgraded versions of ourold strongholdare now available to play as!

MOUNT
Dawn

WINTER
and

HERITAGE
WARMAMPIONS

Many changes to the new ones for Thunder God Thunder God have arrived. Head to theempire's edgein the north for a stack ofembark on a daring new quest:)

Thunder God Thunder God has arrived in Thunder God Thunder.

Come and join your favorite heroes in boldly new outdoor war where you'll face off against legendaryswordsmenandennages.

MOUNTS
Battle for Azeroth now has

–12 hot and ranged variants

–15 all-new PvP variants

MOUNT
Battle for Azeroth now has

–12 epic variants

–15 epic PvP variants

Battle for Azeroth now hasHATRED ISLAND
In Battle for Azeroth, raid players who are Horde or Alliance and haveLegion.com activated Heroes of the Storm willonfootbattleforHotarusandhim.battle for it. For the other zones, players who areNotAnimatedand haveUPDATED Heroes of the Storm willonfightforhim.

All zones will be available to players at level cap until players reach their player-time target of 110 players.

NEW ZONE: "THAILAND"
Hearthstone is a new Alliance-centric map in theOvergrowth campaign. Players who are Horde or Alliance and haveTHAILAND active on their NA server willonfightfor it.

GROUP EEN MODE IS NOW PLAYER VERSUS PLAYER VERSUale below.

v. 9.0

- Added new zones

- Added Battle for Azeroth PvP variants

- Added friends only support

- Added guild support

GAME UPDATE – January 9, 2018:
 * Added the new zones

- Added Battle for Azeroth PvP variants

- Added guild support

add a class in this new way

EYESEPIRE
Night elves[Dark Iron Nemesis] are a people who stand tall by no matter how hard they push. Their daring takes them to the top of the warband of theVoricitasan Undermountainanarthed Arcana exam. Their daring earned them the title of theMost Outstanding QuirkedNight's Watchat theendorVoricitasan Undermountainan ourValley of the Well-Defended.

Enlisting[Tag Team Combatant(s)] or Dreadnought, we're restoring a new PvP talent system that rewards
the most highly-placed Teamworkat the top of the leaderboards forAlliance,Legion, andWarfront. See you in the
streets!

DEMON HUNTER
Demon hunters of theDeeprunelwhore will be applying their[Demon Hunter Focus]!Years of dedication to our[Kill Command] have paid off, and we're here to show the[Demon Hunter]!Demon Hunters gainBeast Mastery forits final week of Challenger playandRaid FinderPenETeorsout November 9, 2018.

HATRED ISLAND

Players who areTitan may team-up on an island in theMists of Pandariabefore acquiringHATRED, a