Boubouille2011-12-13, 08:49 PMUpdate - The Community Managers also posted about this change.
As a part of the on-going evaluation of Looking For Raid and the loot system, we have recently implemented a change to the Looking For Raid Need Plus system. Weapons, trinkets, rings, neck pieces, shields, offhand items, and the Robe of Glowing Stone are now class-restricted to their intended users. With the speed at which a Raid Finder group moves through a zone, we’ve found that it makes it challenging for players to evaluate loot decisions – by class restricting these items, we hope that the natural behavior will have a more positive set of results for everyone involved. This change will not apply to normal or heroic raid or dungeon loot rules.

Raid Finder and Need Plus are both very new systems, and we’re working to iterate on these systems rapidly to ensure that everyone has the best possible experience as we learn more about how players are using the system. Please keep in mind that this system is not considered complete and we have further plans to improve upon it within Mists of Pandaria.

If you looted an item from Looking for Raid which replaced another and you need Game Master assistance to recover your old item, please place a petition with the new item name, that you can no longer use it - and the old item name you need restored. For more information on the affected items, please visit the Customer Support forums here- 

We apologize for the inconvenience. 


Items - New Class Restrictions 12/13/2011
You might have noticed strange behaviors with some of your newly acquired items and some people posted about changes on the forums today , the official explanation appeared on the Customer Support forums! 
Some items were recently reclassified. You may find yourself in possession of one of these items and are no longer able to use it.

If this item replaced another and you need Game Master assistance to recover your old item, please place a petition with the new item name, that you can no long use it - and the old item name you need restored.

The following are the items that have changed with new/changed class restrictions LFR Versions.

Weapons

Razor Saronite Chip  - Rogue
Electrowing Dagger  - Rogue
Finger of Zon'ozz  - Mage, Priest, Warlock
Vishanka, Jaws of the Earth  - Hunter 
No'Kaled  - Shaman, Rogue
Kiril  - Druid , Hunter 
Blade of the Unmaker  - Rogue
Rathrak  - Druid , Mage, Priest, Shaman, Warlock
Maw of the Dragonlord  - Druid , Paladin, Priest, Shaman
Titahk  - Druid , Mage, Priest, Shaman, Warlock
Gurthalak  - Death Knight, Paladin, Warrior
Souldrinker  - Death Knight, Paladin, Warrior


Trinkets

Indomitable Pride  - Death Knight, Druid , Paladin, Warrior
Bone-Link Fetish  - Death Knight, Paladin, Warrior
Windward Heart  - Druid , Paladin, Priest, Shaman
Cunning of the Cruel  - Druid , Mage, Priest, Shaman, Warlock
Vial of Shadows  - Druid , Hunter , Shaman, Rogue
Resolve of Undying  - Death Knight, Druid , Paladin, Warrior
Eye of Unmaking  - Death Knight, Paladin, Warrior
Heart of Unliving  - Druid , Paladin, Priest, Shaman
Will of Unbinding  - Druid , Mage, Priest, Shaman, Warlock
Wrath of Unchaining  - Druid , Hunter , Shaman, Rogue
Starcatcher Compass  - Druid , Hunter , Shaman, Rogue
Crech of the Final Dragon  - Death Knight, Paladin, Warrior
Insignia of the Corrupted Mind  - Druid , Mage, Priest, Shaman, Warlock
Soulshifter Vortex  - Death Knight, Druid , Paladin, Warrior
Seal of the Seven Signs  - Druid , Paladin, Priest, Shaman


Shields

Timepiece of the Bronze Flight  - Paladin, Shaman
Blackhorn's Mighty Bulwark  - Paladin, Warrior



Rings

Hardheart Ring  - Death Knight, Paladin, Warrior
Breathstealer Band  - Death Knight, Paladin, Warrior
Signet of Suturing  - Druid , Paladin, Priest, Shaman
Infinite Loop  - Druid , Mage, Priest, Shaman, Warlock
Seal of Primordial Shadow  - Druid , Hunter , Shaman, Rogue
Curled Twilight Claw  - Death Knight, Paladin, Warrior
Ring of the Riven  - Druid , Mage, Paladin, Priest, Shaman, Warlock
Signet of Grasping Mouths  - Druid , Hunter , Shaman, Rogue


Offhand

Ledger of Revolting Rituals  - Druid , Priest


Neck

Petrified Fungal Heart  - Druid , Paladin, Priest, Shaman


Chest

Robe of Glowing Stone  - Priest