Boubouille2011-12-09, 07:18 PMComing Soon: Battle.net Balance
Soon, we’ll be introducing a new feature called Battle.net Balance that will give players an alternate way to purchase Blizzard products and services directly through their Battle.net account. Players will be able to “charge up” their Battle.net Balance using a variety of payment methods, and then use their Battle.net Balance to buy services like World of Warcraft character transfers, digital products like pets and mounts, and more. Players will also be able to use their Battle.net Account Balance to buy items and store their earnings from Diablo III’s currency-based auction house once the game is released.

We’ll be rolling out the new Battle.net Balance feature in the weeks ahead -- but in the meantime, check out our Battle.net Balance FAQ http://us.blizzard.com/support/article/balancefaq to find out more about how it’s going to work.


Battle.net Balance Frequently Asked Questions FAQ
What is Battle.net Balance?
Battle.net Balance is a new Battle.net feature that will allow players to store value in their Battle.net account, which can be used to buy Blizzard Entertainment products such as World of Warcraft game time, paid services, digital versions of games, and in-game pets and mounts.

With the upcoming launch of Diablo III, players in certain regions will also be able to use their Battle.net Balance to acquire items from the game's currency-based auction house. Diablo III players will also have the option to store earnings from items they sell on the auction house in their Battle.net Balance, to be used on future auction house purchases or to buy Blizzard products. For more information on the Diablo III auction house, read the auction house FAQ.

How will I add value to my Battle.net Balance?
When you log in to Battle.net Account Management, you will be able to add value to your Battle.net Balance through a variety of different payment methods, such as debit or credit cards or a variety of region-specific payment methods. Please note that depending on the payment method, it may take some time for the Battle.net Balance you purchase to become available to use.

Can I convert my Battle.net Balance into cash?
Once funds or Diablo III auction house earnings have been added to your Battle.net Balance, you are not able to convert that Balance into cash. Battle.net Balance can only be used to buy designated Blizzard Entertainment products or to acquire items from Diablo III's currency-based auction house.

In certain regions, Diablo III players who wish to "cash out" the proceeds from the sale of an item from the currency-based auction house instead of storing it in a Battle.net Balance will be able to do so via PayPal for an additional fee. Players will need to determine which method they wish to use at the time they post their auction. For more information on the currency-based auction house, see the FAQ.

Will I need to use Battle.net Balance to make Diablo III auction-house purchases, or will other payment options be available?
Diablo III players will be able to make purchases on the currency-based auction house directly without using Battle.net Balance via several popular payment methods, such as major credit cards. A wider range of payment alternatives will be available for those who wish to use Battle.net Balance.

What currencies can I use to charge my Battle.net Balance?
In general, you will be able to add value to your Battle.net Balance using your local currency in EU, for example, players will be able to use Euros, GBP, and RUB. In certain regions where game realms and servers are shared by players in multiple countries, you may also be able to use additional countries' currencies. However, please note that Battle.net Balances for different currencies are tracked separately and cannot be used interchangeably. For example, you cannot use Battle.net Balance purchased using U.S. dollars in a non-USD-based auction house, and you are not able to transfer Battle.net Balance purchased in one currency to or from Battle.net Balance purchased with a different currency. We'll have further details to share closer to release.

Will there be a limit to how much I can store in my Battle.net Balance?
Yes, there will be limits on how much can be stored in your Battle.net Balance. We'll have more information closer to release.

Can I transfer my Battle.net Balance to another Battle.net account, or give Battle.net Balance as gift?
Your Battle.net Balance is non-transferrable. At launch, there will not be a way to give Battle.net Balance as a gift to another Battle.net account holder; however, we're looking into the possibility of adding that feature in the future.

How long will my Battle.net Balance remain in my account? Will it ever expire?
Depending on local laws and regulations, we may be required to remove the Battle.net Balance from any Battle.net account that hasn't been accessed in over 3 years.

Will I be able to track purchases made with my Battle.net Balance?
Yes, you'll be able to track your purchases through Battle.net Account Management.

Can I use my Battle.net Balance as the automatic payment method for my recurring World of Warcraft subscription?
No, though you are able to pre-purchase World of Warcraft game time using your Battle.net Balance.

What payment methods are available to charge my Battle.net Balance?
All of the payment methods we currently support through Battle.net will be available to charge your Battle.net Balance, with a few exceptions. We'll have more details to share closer to launch.

Can I use Battle.net Balance in combination with other payments to make a purchase?
You will be able to use Battle.net Balance in combination with another payment type to make certain purchases through Battle.net Account Management, such as World of Warcraft paid services. However, you will not be able to combine payment types to make Diablo III auction house purchases.

Are there any fees associated with using Battle.net Balance?
Blizzard Entertainment does not charge additional fees to add to your Battle.net Balance or to use it to buy Blizzard Entertainment products. However, there are listing and transaction fees associated with the Diablo III currency-based auction house, regardless of the payment type.

Where can I see my Battle.net Balance?
Your Battle.net Balance will be visible in Battle.net Account Management, as well as in-game in Diablo III.

Is Battle.net Balance available in the Diablo III beta test?
In the Diablo III beta test, we are currently testing the in-game functionality of Battle.net Balance. Players are given a limited number of "beta bucks" to use on currency-based auction house purchases. These "beta bucks" reflect how Battle.net Balance might be displayed and/or used when Diablo III is ultimately released, though as with all things in the beta, this is subject to change. Please note that any "beta bucks" earned in the beta test will not be retained when Battle.net Balance is released.