Boubouille2012-03-07, 12:03 AMUpdate - New Scroll of Resurrection is now Live 

Scroll of Resurrection –Resurrected Soon!
The official announcement is here and people coming back to the game will get:



A single character boosted all the way to level 80. 
A free upgrade to Cataclysm, regardless of the expansions you already own. 
An optional free character move/faction change.
7 free days of game time.


On the other side, people who recruit friends will be rewarded with a new Spectral Gryphon or Spectral Wyvern mount depending on their faction!


   

The Scroll of Resurrection is currently on cooldown, but will be resurrected soon. Once it’s available, you will be able to earn a free faction mount when you use a Scroll of Resurrection to bring a friend or former guildmate back to World of Warcraft, but this offer will only be available for a limited time. Any active World of Warcraft non-trial player can send a Scroll of Resurrection. To be eligible to receive a Scroll of Resurrection, your friend must have previously purchased at least one month of game time at any point in the past, and your friend’s account must have been inactive since March 4, 2012 or earlier.

Once your friend accepts your scroll and pays for at least 30 days of game, you unlock your choice of the following rewards:



A Free Spectral Gryphon for an Alliance character
Or a Free Spectral Wind Rider for a Horde character


And, to enable you and your friend to play together in Cataclysm’s newest content, any friend who accepts your Scroll will also receive the following epic benefits:



A single character immediately boosted all the way to level 80 -- DING!
A FREE upgrade to Cataclysm -- regardless of your friend’s original box level
An optional FREE character move -- to your realm and faction so you can play together
7 FREE days of game time -- available immediately


A few other prerequisites apply -- such as a free upgrade to a Battle.net account for players who haven’t played since 2009 or earlier -- so be sure to check out the FAQ below for full eligibility details.

We’ll provide an update once the Scroll of Resurrection is ready to be cast on your friends. Keep an eye on the World of Warcraft official Community site for more information.

Scroll of Resurrection FAQ

Basics

How do I send a Scroll of Resurrection to my friend?

There are two options for sending Scrolls of Resurrection:



While in-game, open your Real ID friends list or guild roster; any characters or accounts that are eligible to receive a Scroll of Resurrection will have a special button next to them. Click that Scroll of Resurrection button to generate the email invitation. You’ll also have the option to include a personal message to your friend inviting them back to the game.
From your Battle.net Account Management page, click on the World of Warcraft account that you would like to send the invitation from and select Referrals Rewards- Scroll of Resurrection will be an option in that menu. Once clicked, you can enter the name and e-mail address of the friend you’d like to resurrect and include a personal message along with your invitation.


Eligibility & Limitations

Who can be sent a Scroll of Resurrection?
To be eligible to receive a Scroll of Resurrection, your friend must have previously subscribed to World of Warcraft for at least 30 days and their account must have become inactive on or before March 4th,2012.

If your friend’s World of Warcraft account has been inactive since December 2009 or longer, your friend must first associate their World of Warcraft account with a free Battle.net account before they can receive a Scroll of Resurrection. Tell your friend to see our Battle.net Account FAQ for information on creating a Battle.net account and merging their WoW account. After your friend has set up their account, you should be able to send them a Scroll of Resurrection normally.

Can I resurrect one of my own World of Warcraft accounts?
If you have at least one active World of Warcraft account, you can send your inactive accounts Scroll of Resurrection invitations.

How long is the Scroll of Resurrection invitation good for once I send it out?
Your friend has 30 days to accept the invitation. The offer will expire if not used within that time.

Is there a limit on the number of Scroll of Resurrection invitations that I can send out?
There is a limit of one Scroll of Resurrection invitation per day per World of Warcraft Account on both the web and in-game. This makes an effective limit of 2 Scroll of Resurrection invitations per day per account if you use both sending options. There is no limit on the number of lifetime Scroll of Resurrection invitations that an account can send.

Can I invite someone who has never played before with a Scroll of Resurrection?
Scroll of Resurrection can only be used on players who once had active World of Warcraft subscriptions. For a similar offer for friends who have never subscribed to World of Warcraft, please see the Recruit-A-Friend FAQ.

Sending the Scroll of Resurrection

What benefits are there to sending a Scroll of Resurrection?
You will receive an exclusive mount when your friend who accepted the Scroll first renews their subscription and pays for 30 days of game time – the Spectral Gryphon for Alliance characters or the Spectral Wind Rider for Horde characters.

How do I redeem my mount once my friend subscribes?
Visit your Account Management page and click on the Scroll of Resurrection option. Under the History/Status tab, you will see Claim Mount button when you are able to redeem the mount. Choose the realm and character on which you want to receive the mount and it will arrive in your character’s mailbox.

Note: The mount can only be redeemed on one character per Scroll.

When do I receive my mount for resurrecting a friend?
Your friend must accept your Scroll of Resurrection invitation and renew their subscription for you to qualify for the mount. In order to qualify for the mount, your friend must renew their subscription after accepting the Scroll, and pay for at least 30 days of game time.

Can I earn multiple mounts on my account?
Yes! This reward will be given to you for each friend who accepts your invitation and meets the re-subscription criteria.

Can I track the invitations I send out?
After your friend accepts, you will be able to view the status of the invitation on the History page in the Referrals & Rewards section of your Battle.net Account Management page.
Who will receive the sender reward when several people send the same person Scrolls of Resurrection?

Who will receive the sender reward when several people send the same person Scrolls of Resurrection?
Only the player whose invitation is accepted will receive the sender’s reward. If the recipient gets several invitations, it will be up to them to choose which to accept. A recipient can accept a maximum of one Scroll of Resurrection per eligible World of Warcraft account.

Accepting the Scroll of Resurrection

What benefits are there for accepting a Scroll of Resurrection invitation?
The Scroll’s recipient immediately receives a FREE digital upgrade all the way to World of Warcraft: Cataclysm. Additionally, the Scroll’s receiver can permanently boost one character to level 80 so that they can jump straight into the adventure for their 7 days of FREE game time!

Note: The digital upgrade and level boost will only be available for scrolls sent during the 90-day promotion period. Players who accept a Scroll of Resurrection that was sent after the promotion period ends will still receive 7 days of FREE game time, but will not be eligible for the digital upgrade or level boost.

I just accepted a Scroll of Resurrection. How do I level boost my character?
Log in to your Battle.net Account and click on the resurrected license. Once you’re on the Game Management page, click Claim Rewards and select the character to level along with their spec. The next time you log in, they’ll be ready to adventure in a sundered Azeroth!

How does the boost to level 80 work for the Scroll’s recipient?
After accepting the Scroll, the recipient can choose one character to boost to level 80. The character’s spec will be chosen by the recipient prior to completing the level boost and the character will also be given appropriate talents under the chosen spec. The character will be placed in his or her faction’s capital city and will be ready to adventure immediately. This means that the character will be granted all class skills and spells up to level 80, a flying mount and riding skill, and a green quality set of level- and spec-appropriate gear for leveling.

Any gear that was on the character prior to the level boost will be mailed back to the character via in game mail.

Hunter pets will not be given a spec, so level boosted Hunters will need to spec out their pets normally after logging in for the first time.

Note: Active quests may be abandoned when a level boost is performed. If a quest is abandoned in this way, you will be able to pick it up normally from the NPC who originally gave you the quest.

Can I only level boost one character? What happens if my main character is on a different realm or faction than the friend who invited me?
If the character that was level boosted is on a different realm or faction than the character who sent the invitation, you will be eligible for a free Character Transfer and/or a free Faction Change to bring you to your friend’s realm and faction.

Note: Existing limitations apply for Faction Changes and Realm Transfers under the Scroll of Resurrection system. Please see the Faction Change and Realm Transfer FAQs for details. In addition, players on an RU server will not receive a free Realm Transfer if the friend who invited them is from an EU server.

How many times can one person accept a Scroll of Resurrection?
After March 5th, 2012, accounts are only able to accept one Scroll of Resurrection per eligible World of Warcraft account– if your friend has already accepted an invitation after March 5th, they will not be able to accept another for the same World of Warcraft account, but may accept invitations for other eligible World of Warcraft accounts.

Is there a way for me to boost a character to 80 without a Scroll of Resurrection?
The ability to boost a character to 80 only comes when you accept a Scroll of Resurrection invitation.