Boubouille2011-10-23, 04:17 AMMists of Pandaria - Blizzcon 2011 Recap
Blizzcon has been really exciting this year and Blizzard definitely had a lot of things to show us! It's time for a giant recap of all the panels, we will probably have a lot more content over the next few days but this should keep you busy for the moment!

We also added details from the interview appearing on the web, we'll probably see a lot more of those soon.

Official Website

Mists of Pandaria Official Website 


Blizzcon 2011 - Day 1 Panels

Day-0 / Goodies Bag 
Opening Ceremony  Diablo 3 free for WoW 12 Months subscribers, Tyrael's Charger WoW mount - Details + Screenshot 
World of Warcraft: Mists of Pandaria  Official Trailer, New Features
World of Warcraft: Mists of Pandaria Preview Panel  Lists all the new features in the expansion!
Mists of Pandaria Class Talent Systems  Details on all the new class talents
Mists of Pandaria: Dungeons and Raids Panel  New Dungeons and Raids, Heroic Scholomance and Scarlet Monastery, Raid Finder


Blizzcon 2011 - Day 2 Panels

Day 1 Recap, Press Kit  Press Kit Screenshots, Talent Trees, Official FAQ
World of Warcraft Art Panel  New models from Mists of Pandaria, Tons of slides
World of Warcraft: Classes, Item, Professions Q&A Panel 
World of Warcraft: Open Q&A Panel 
World of Warcraft: Lore and Story Q&A Panel 


Blizzcon 2011 - Day 1 Panels Official Blue Posts

Class Talent System 
Mists of Pandaria Preview Panel 
Raids & Dungeons Panels 


Videos

Mists of Pandaria Preview Trailer  02:46 Duration
World of Warcraft - Mists of Pandaria B-roll  Zones Preview, 05:11 Duration


Blizzcon Interview Details
A few interviews of Blizzard staff have popped up so far, the interesting parts are below. We are likely to see more early next week. via venturebeat , gaming-insight 



You might be able to use Valor Points to increase the item level of your items slightly.
Blizzard might move your Resource bars closer to the center of the screen, similar to how many custom UIs are set up. It will start with Monks, then maybe Paladins and Death Knights.
The game will almost always be sold with Burning Crusade in the future to cut down on the number of games you have to buy.
If WoW was ever on the decline to where subscriptions were not high enough to support the game, they would consider the freemium model. 



Monk Abilities Preview
I completely forgot to post those yesterday, but here is a small preview of the Monk abilities from the playable demo at Blizzcon.
Level 1 Abilities
Jab
40 Chi - Melee Range, Instant
Requires Stance of the Drunken Ox, Stance of the Fierce Tiger.
You jab the target, dealing 5 damage and generating 1 light force and 1 dark force. 

Tiger Palm
1 Light Force - Melee range, instant
Requires Stance of the Drunken Ox, Stance of the Fierce Tiger. 
Deals 10 Physical damage, deals 5 additional damage if the target is above 50% health. 

Level 2 Abilities
Roll
50 Chi - Instant
Roll a short distance. 

Level 3 Abilities
Blackout Kick
2 Dark Force - Melee range, Instant
Kick with a blast of energy, causing 28 physical damage to an enemy target. If the target is killed by blackout kick, you are returned 1 Dark Force.

Level 5 Abilities
Flying Serpent Kick
8-40 Yards range, 25 Seconds Cooldown, Instant. 
Soar through the air towards a targeted enemy, knocking them down and stunning them for 2 seconds.

Spinning Crane Kick
Instant, 2 Lights and Dark Forces
Requires Stance of the Drunken Ox, Stance of the Fierce Tiger. 
You spin while kicking in the air, dealing 23 damage every 1 second to all nearby enemies within 8 yards. Movement speed is reduced by 30%, last 6 seconds.

Level ?? Abilities
Statue of the Jade Serpent
5 Sec Cast
Summon a statue at the target location. Anytime you deal damage, a nearby friendly target within 20 yards of the statue will be healed. You can have up to 3 Jade Dragon Statues active at a time.


<iframe width="853" height="480" src="" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>