chaud2012-03-12, 12:51 AMMists of Pandaria Press Tour This Week, Suggest Questions!
This week is the Mists of Pandaria Press Tour! We're sending a team of fearless people to Blizzard to bring you back tons of shiny new Mists of Pandaria information! The information gathered during the press tour will be released in exactly one week, on Monday March 19th.

Question Suggestions
Since we'll be interviewing developers during the tour, if you have something you really really want to ask about Mists of Pandaria, now might be a good time to bring it up in the comments. We'll pick the best questions and add them to our existing list. I'd love to see if you guys can suggest of something we haven't thought of!

Before posting a question, check and make sure it hasn't been answered by reviewing what we already know  about the expansion. 


  


Blue Posts
Missing out on Scroll of Resurrection
I'm going to respond to this simply because I've seen this sort of sentiment before, and while I have no doubt that not everyone will accept the answer I will give here, I'm going to give it anyway.

There is an assumption that we don't care about our long term customers. This couldn't be further from the truth. We absolutely care, and part of that is the ongoing efforts we make every day to communicate, to share what we're doing, to listen to what you are saying here and elsewhere about what more you want to see in the game and more. We also heard you say that you wanted to get your friends back that have previously left the game, so we revisited the Scroll of Resurrection so you could see about enticing them to return and play. This is our way of empowering you with a way to convince your friends that there is a benefit to coming back and that it will be as painless as possible to get caught up with you thus the boost and transfer. The level differences and even realm differences are often something people have said serve as a barrier to convincing their friends to return. So, we're doing what we can to move those obstacles away, at least for a little while.

I'm sorry to hear that your own friend wasn't able to benefit from the promotion, but there has to be a start and end to these things. Anytime we've run promotions in the past, there has always been someone somewhere who didn't get a chance to take part. We do what we can though to spread the word and make it as available as possible, but we have to be careful about limitations as well. We'll make sure to let people know if new such opportunities come up. It sounds as if though that you're having a good time leveling up together and that seems like a big win for you overall. We hope that you continue to do so since having fun is what the game is all about.It's for a limited period of time, but we don't have a specific date to give you. We'll do our best to give people some warning before it ends. I'd tell your friends that it's better to do it sooner rather than later to be safe, but it's completely up to them on what works for them. Since the promotion just started, we still have some time yet though. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

Is There Anything Positive Going On?
There's plenty of positive, but we go through these periods between content sometimes where people start looking for the "next big thing" if they feel they've done it all in game. People who are generally happy, tend to just play the game for what it is and we rarely see them on the forums. That's not to say that we don't get people who are also happy on the forums too. People who feel that there needs to be change to the game or have run into things they aren't happy with, tend to come to the forums to talk about it. They come to discuss it with other people here and see if they're the only one feeling a certain way, or they hope that one of us will see it and pass word along to the developers.

Frankly, we love getting to see constructive feedback whether it's positive I love this thing because of xyz! or more negative I don't like this because xyz. I sound like a broken record when I say this but, it's a truth that any community manager knows passionate people post passionately. If apathy wins, all you hear is silence. I'd much rather see that people still care than deal with no one talking about anything.

That said though, it's important not to let other's negative perceptions color your own as difficult as that may sometimes be. If you're having fun and enjoying the game for what it is, there is no reason at all you can't continue to do so. Your fun is purely your own.

It won't be long though and we'll have more to share on the ongoing development for the game and Mists of Pandaria, so hopefully that will lighten the mood a little. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 


War College - The Battle for Gilneas
The battlefields of World of Warcraft are littered with the bones of those who have become casualties in the ongoing conflict between the Horde and the Alliance. You do not need to become one of them. One of the keys to victory is knowledge, and that is where the World of Warcraft War College enters the picture. In these discussions between players, you can learn and share strategies with other players to improve your tactics and improve your odds of emerging victorious from the field of battle.

Are you a veteran Gladiator with countless victories tallied? Are you new to World of Warcraft and striving to improve your PvP skills? In this weekly feature, we invite players of all skill levels to ask questions, share tips and tactics, and join a conversation dedicated to surviving and thriving in World of Warcraft PvP.

This week, the topic of discussion is:

The Battle for Gilneas - Which strategies are most effective in this battleground for both rated and un-rated play? What tips, tricks and tactics have you discovered? What common mistakes have you witnessed?

Join the War College forum thread here. 


SWTOR Patch 1.2
Patch 1.2 is approaching and the new trailer from the Guild Summit last week shows off some of the new features. If you are interested in giving it a try, see the thread in the SWTOR forum  where people are giving away a 7 day free trial  

There are a number of new features coming to Star Wars™: The Old Republic™ with Game Update 1.2, “Legacy”. This includes new playable content, like Operations and Warzones, as well as new game systems like Guild Banks, Player-vs-Player Warzone ranking, and the next evolution of Legacy. Check out all of the exciting new content coming up in this video!



<iframe width="853" height="480" src="" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>


Curse Weekly Roundup
Pico is back to give us news on Minecraft, Wow, Diablo 3, Assassins Creed 3, Infinite, and Waking Mars.


 