Boubouille2011-11-17, 05:03 PMUpdate - Diablo 3 Beta Patch 6 is released tonight and as usual, you can check out Diablofans http://www.diablofans.com/ for the coverage. Don't miss the Diablo 3 Beta 6 Official Patch Notes http://www.diablofans.com/news/989-diablo-3-beta-patch-6-notes/ and the Diablo 3 Beta Patch 6 - Unofficial Information/Datamining http://www.diablofans.com/news/991-diablo-3-beta-patch-6-unofficial-information-datamining/ with new achievements and extra spell changes. 

Valor Points Changes to 4.3 PTR
We've made slight adjustments to the Valor Point VP drops on the 4.3 PTR which testers can now see. In both 10- and 25-player raids, bosses will now drop 100 VP each down from 115 and 135 respectively. We’ll also be changing Firelands raid bosses to drop 50 VP per kill upon release of the patch.

This change is being made to further emphasize the desire to kill bosses for the items they drop. In the 4.3 raid, tier sets can only be earned from boss drops, and as Raid Finder will allow for just about anyone to get a chance to kill bosses, we think there will be less need for Valor overall. We want to try to match the lower desire for VP with a slightly slower acquisition rate.

We appreciate your thoughts and constructive discussion on how these changes may affect you and your guild once 4.3 is released.


4.3 Battleground Conquest Rewards
In patch 4.3 we’re changing the daily battleground BG to reward 100 conquest for a win up from 25. In addition, every non-rated BG that you win will also give you 50 conquest. There is no limit to how many BGs you can run this way, up to the normal conquest cap.

Our intent is to start acting even more on our Mists of Pandaria philosophies of encouraging players to approach the content they want to, how they want to, and be able to work toward meaningful player progression. Arenas and rated battlegrounds will still earn Conquest faster, but with this change you can now work your way up by running normal BGs, if you so choose.