Boubouille2012-01-23, 11:46 PMPatch 4.3.2 Going Live This Week
The information isn't official yet but assuming everything goes as planned, Patch 4.3.2 should be going live this week. This patch is bringing us Cross Realm raids for older content with RealID friends, a few item tweaks and new items, a few new achievements, and a reduced game client install size. It also brought testing of the 64-bit client which didn't appear to have widespread or major bugs, however I'm not really sure if it will be available on the live realms.

As usual there's a slight chance 1% that the patch will be postponed if something terrible happens, but as far as I know, we're good to go this week. 

Cross Realm Raids
We previously introduced the ability to form cross-realm parties with Real ID friends , and now with Patch 4.3.2, we're adding the ability for players to use that same functionality to form raids to run older normal or heroic raids, or participate in Battlegrounds!

This will allow you to join up with your Real ID friends  from other realms and:

Form a cross-realm raid and use Raid Finder
Jump in to any classic dungeon or raid and be automatically placed in the same instance
Join forces and dominate the Battlegrounds


Please note, you will not yet be able to run normal or Heroic Dragon Soul with cross-realm Real ID raids.

As we look forward to the BattleTag system , it’s a very exciting time for World of Warcraft. No matter what realm you and your friends are on you’ll be able to team up and take on group content throughout the game.


4.3.2 PTR and New File Optimization Tech
With the 4.3.2 patch we’ll be testing some new file optimization tech. As you may be aware, with previous major expansion patches 2.0, 3.0, 4.0, etc. we’ve carried out a time-consuming process to reorganize the game files currently installed on your hard drive to integrate all previous patch files, essentially ‘cleaning up’ what’s on your computer and reducing the full installation size. This process used to require an amount of free hard drive space double that of the entire installation size to complete, which is why we’ve reserved them for large expansion-sized patches.

The new tech we’re testing with the 4.3.2 PTR will process these cleanups with no additional hard drive space required beyond what the patch is adding. Because of that you may see them appear more frequently with patches.

While the cleanup is occurring you’ll see a specific message on the launcher informing you the process is currently taking place. If you encounter any issues with the new process please be sure to visit our support site at 


 


Items
Vial of Shadows  had the proc damage cut in third and proc frequency tripled to reduce burst in PvP.

Many of the original level 60 ranked PvP gear items have had Replica added to the start of their name, making their name identical to the versions being sold in Area 52, for example the Replica High Warlord's Cleaver  However, they still retain their higher item level and stats.

Gurthalak, Voice of the Deeps  had its proc time increased to 12 seconds from 10 seconds. This change was made to all three versions of the item.

The three new items added in Patch 4.3.2 are found on the TCG Loot vendor in Booty Bay. They are part of the Timewalkers: War of the Ancients expansion. Feldrake , Eye of the Legion , and Demon Hunter's Aspect 


    


Client Strings Changes

ERR_PARENTAL_CONTROLS_DISCONNECT_WARNING = "You will be disconnected due to parental controls in %d |4minute:minutes;."; 
ERR_PARENTAL_CONTROLS_DISCONNECT_WARNING_SOON = "You will be disconnected due to parental controls in less than 1 minute."; 
TIME_PLAYED_ALERT = "You have been playing for %s. Excessive gameplay can cause inconvenience in your daily life."; 



Achievements Changes
Dungeons & Raids

Glory of the Dragon Soul Raider  now properly shows the Reins of the Twilight Harbinger  as a reward.


Player vs. Player

Hero of the Alliance: Ruthless  New achievement, rewards Hero of the Alliance title.
Hero of the Horde: Ruthless  New achievement, rewards Hero of the Horde title.


Feats of Strength

Ruthless Gladiator's Twilight Drake  Obtain the Ruthless Gladiator's Twilight Drake from Arena Season 10 of Cataclysm.



Spell Changes
General
Mounts

Feldrake  Summons and dismisses a rideable feldrake. This is a flying mount. 1.5 sec cast


Companion Pets

Eye of the Legion  Right Click to summon and dismiss an Eye of the Legion. Instant


Classes: General
 Druid Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Tier 13

Item - Druid T13 Balance 4P Bonus Starsurge  now also increases Starsurge damage by 10%


 Hunter Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Beast Mastery


Aspect of the Hawk  now increases ranged Attack Power by 2700, up from 2000.


Survival


Deterrence  now also reduces all damage taken by 30% while active. 
Black Arrow  now ticks every 2 secs instead of every 3 secs. Damage is now spread over 20 secs, up from 15 secs. 
Lock and Load  no longer affects Arcane Shots.


Marksmanship

Bombardment  now lasts 5 secs instead of affecting your next multi shot only.


 Mage Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Fire


Fireball  damage has been reduced by 6,3%
Pyroblast  damage has been reduced by 6,2%


 Paladin Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Tier 13

Item - Paladin T13 Holy 4P Bonus Holy Radiance  now increases healing done by Holy Radiance by 5%, down from 20%.
Holy Radiance  now costs 40% of base mana, up from 35%. 


Encounter
10 Man

Sludge Spew  Inflicts 29250 43875 to 30750 46125 Shadow damage to an enemy.
Stomp  Splits 750000 damage between all targets within 25 yards. Morchok's current target and their The two targets closest ally will to Morchok take a double portion of the damage.
Void Diffusion  Deals 180000 Shadow damage split evenly between units. In LFR mode, the base this damage dealt is 50,000. does not split.


10 Man Heroic


Stomp  Splits 750000 damage between all targets within 25 yards. Morchok's current target and their The two targets closest ally will to Morchok take a double portion of the damage.
Void Diffusion  Deals 269100 Shadow damage split evenly between units. In LFR mode, the base this damage dealt is 50,000. does not split.


25 Man

Sludge Spew  Inflicts 43875 82875 to 46125 87125 Shadow damage to an enemy.
Stomp  Splits 2300000 to 2700000 damage between all targets within 25 yards. Morchok's current target and their The two targets closest ally will to Morchok take a double portion of the damage.
Void Diffusion  Deals 540000 Shadow damage split evenly between units. In LFR mode, the base this damage dealt is 50,000. does not split.


25 Man Heroic


Stomp  Splits 2000000 damage between all targets within 25 yards. Morchok's current target and their The two targets closest ally will to Morchok take a double portion of the damage.
Void Diffusion  Deals 807300 Shadow damage split evenly between units. In LFR mode, the base this damage dealt is 50,000. does not split.


Items

Vial of Shadows  Your melee and ranged attacks have a chance to trigger an additional attack for 4028 12084 to 6042 18127 physical damage.
Vial of Shadows  Your melee and ranged attacks have a chance to trigger an additional attack for 3568 10706 to 5353 16059 physical damage.
Vial of Shadows  Your melee and ranged attacks have a chance to trigger an additional attack for 4546 13640 to 6819 20461 physical damage.



Official Patch 4.3.2 Notes
Classes: General

Vengeance is no longer triggered by receiving damage from other players.


 Druid Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

The Tier 13 Balance Druid 4-piece bonus now also increases the damage of Starsurge by 10%, in addition to its current effect.


 Hunter Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Aspect of the Hawk now grants roughly 35% more attack power.
Deterrence now also reduces damage taken by 30% while active.
Black Arrow now ticks every 2 seconds for 20 seconds, as opposed to every 3 seconds for 15 seconds. The total damage dealt by the ability is unchanged.
Lock and Load no longer benefits Arcane Shot, nor is it consumed by Arcane Shot.


 Mage Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Fireball damage has been reduced by roughly 6%.
Pyroblast damage has been reduced by roughly 6%.


 Paladin Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Holy Radiance now costs 40% of base mana, up from 35%.


 Priest Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Mass Dispel should again prefer dispelling targets that have magic effects that can be dispelled.


 Rogue Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Adrenaline Rush no longer triggers a global cooldown.


Dungeons & Raids

You can now form same-faction raids with Real ID friends, allowing you to enter Raid Finder in groups larger than 5, run older normal or heroic raids, or participate in Battlegrounds. You will not yet be able to run normal or heroic Dragon Soul with cross-realm raids of Real ID friends.
Several typo fixes and clarified descriptions have been added to the Dungeon Journal entries for Dragon Soul.
Players can no longer win multiple copies of the same item on a single Raid Finder boss kill. For example, a player who chooses Need on two set piece tokens or two weapons and wins the first, will not be eligible for the second on that particular boss.


Baradin Hold

The roaming Eyes of Occu'thar have been replaced by hateful creatures who serve Alizabal.


Dragon Soul

Warmaster Blackhorn

The visual warning for Twilight Elites' Blade Rush should be easier to see.



Items

Vial of Shadows  damage Lightning Strike  has been reduced to approximately one-third of previous damage. However, it will now trigger approximately 3 times as often. This is intended to keep overall DPS the same while reducing burst damage, especially in PvP.