chaud2012-02-08, 02:43 AMPatch 4.3.2 Hotfixes - February 7
Dungeons and Raids
Dragon Soul

After the instance is cleared, Crimson Lifebinder now resurrects the non-player characters at Wyrmrest Temple, and they are fully functional.
Ultraxion

The event leading to Ultraxion now requires 15 Drakes killed, down from 24.


Events
Love is in the Air

Players are now able to receive Lovely Charms while on the quest "Test Your Strength", when the player's inventory has both the Darkmoon Adventurer's Guide and Lovely Charm Collector's Kit.
Players now have the chance to receive both the Lovely Charm and Grisly Trophy from a single kill.

Lunar Festival

Elder Dawnstrider now spawns farther away from nearby Flame Crest mobs.


Items

Maw of the Dragonlord  should now have its effect triggered by healing from Holy Word: Sanctuary.
Windward Heart  should now have its effect triggered properly by Healing Rain.



Blue Posts
Account Wide Achievements
While we’re still working out many of the details regarding account-wide achievement functionality, I want to clarify that we plan for the system to apply to all achievements -- not just those added in Mists of Pandaria. It’s intended to be an overall change to the current achievement system.

Our goal is to make it so that you feel like you only have to get an achievement once. We think the time and effort you put into achievements should be evident regardless of which character you’re playing. The update will be implemented at the Battle.net level and, as such, would apply to all of the attached World of Warcraft licenses on the account. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

Account Wide Achievements
I want everyone to be a bit cautious about their expectations as of yet. We still have a lot of details to work out in regard to how this will all work. Once we have more specific information to share on it, we'll let you all know. I don't want anyone to get too far ahead on things until we can share more and explain any possible "ifs", "ands", and "buts" with you all should there be any put in place. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

Please Welcome Nyorloth!
In a break from tradition, I am not a member of the Community team; long have I gestated within the Story Development division of the Publishing Team, itself a division of Creative Development. My purposes here are myriad, but to mention a few:



Increase the transparency of how we develop stories within our games and ancillary fiction.
Encourage more constructive discussions of the lore, so that we may better understand your likes/dislikes in order to shape our future projects.
To serve as a scapegoat for when something happens in the lore that you don’t like.


My eye has glimpsed the forming of an Ask CDev on the horizon... perhaps, even, Soon™! You would all do well to gather your questions now, in preparation for this momentous event. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums  


Blizzard Art Update
Blizzard added seven pieces to the Wrath of the Lich King art  gallery. These pieces offer an inside look at the creative process behind building the Warcraft universe.


     
        


Curse Weekly Roundup
Pico is back to tell us about the things you might have missed in SWTOR, WOW, Soul Calibur V and Minecraft news recently. 


 