chaud2012-01-11, 04:33 AMMists of Pandaria Zones
We will hear more about Mists of Pandaria in the upcoming weeks, but while we are waiting for new announcements we can review the new zones that are coming in Mists of Pandaria  We continue with the zone information that was announced so far, using dedicated threads in our Mists of Pandaria forum 

Previous Coverage:

Blizzcon World of Warcraft: Mists of Pandaria Preview Panel  
Official Mists of Pandaria Preview Panel Recap 
World of Warcraft Art Panel 



  

  

  

  

    


<iframe width="900" height="488" src=";hd=1" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>


Blue Posts
Heroic Leap Reliability
Completely changing Heroic Leap so it works like shadowstep or feral step it would make it much more reliable and useful in PvP, and it could be used to jump up platforms and get back on targets like shadowstep does.

This would actually be a step backwards in my eyes, the ability to choose the location you will land on Heroic Leap is a great offensive and defensive tool. I cannot count the number of times that Heroic Leap has saved my warrior from death by it being defensively, and on the other side, you can use it offensively gain ground on fleeing opponents or any of its many other applications.

I feel that adding a targeting requirement would lower the manoeuvrability of the class and remove the unique feel given by this ability. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

Scroll of Resurrection Temporarily on Cooldown
The Scroll of Resurrection will temporarily be unavailable while it goes on cooldown. As of January 11, 2012, you will no longer be able to send Scroll of Resurrection invites to your friends with lapsed accounts. Never fear, once this ability refreshes, we’ll let you know. Keep an eye on the official World of Warcraft site for more information.

To learn more about the Scroll of Resurrection, visit the FAQ. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 


Trading Card Game Art Gallery Update
The Trading Card game art gallery  has been updated with ten new pieces.


          
         