Boubouille2011-11-08, 10:43 PMWoW Lost 800k Subscribers, down to 10.3M
Activision Blizzard latest earning call revealed that World of Warcraft lost another 800,000 subscribers last quarter, following the loss of 300k subscribers announced last quarter  and 600k loss from the quarter before that  This brings us to 1.7 million subscribers lost in the last 3 quarters. Some things they made note of on the call:



Most of the subscriptions were lost in China. 
There is normally an increase in subscriptions around December. 
The decreased profit came from all of the games in development and no launches occurring. 
There will be at least two major releases next year.



Patch 4.3 - PTR Build 14966
A new PTR build is being deployed on test realms!
Items

All replica armors from the Darkmoon Faire now require level 60 to be equipped.


 Death Knight Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Raise Ally  now has a 40 yards range, up from 30 yards.


 Mage Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Item - Mage T13 4P Bonus Arcane Power, Combustion, and Icy Veins  now reduces the cooldown of Icy Veins by 15 sec, up from 10 sec.


 Paladin Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Redemption  now has a 40 yards range, up from 30 yards.


Tier 13

Item - Paladin T13 Retribution 4P Bonus Zealotry  now increases damage by 18%, up from 12%.


 Priest Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Resurrection  now has a 40 yards range, up from 30 yards.


 Shaman Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Ancestral Spirit  now has a 40 yards range, up from 30 yards.



Reminder: Class Design & Balance Q&A
To follow up on our first World of Warcraft: Mists of Pandaria developer Q&A on the CoverItLive platform, we’re gathering the entire class design team to field your questions on the past, present, and future of World of Warcraft classes. Anyone is welcome to join in the live Q&A this Wednesday, November 9, beginning at approximately 10:45 a.m. and concluding around noon PST.

You can read along via the CoverItLive client embedded below while the Q&A is live. To participate, you just use your Facebook, Twitter, Myspace, or OpenID credentials, or simply sign in as a guest. If you’re on the go while the event’s underway on Wednesday, be sure to check out the free mobile apps available on the Android Market and iTunes Store.

We’ll see you back here on Wednesday morning!


Brazilian Portuguese Language Availability
With the release of the next World of Warcraft content update, Hour of Twilight patch 4.3, players on European realms will be able to play World of Warcraft in Brazilian Portuguese. On December 7 a realm dedicated to the Portuguese community will open with optional time-limited free character transfers from specific European English realms with high Portuguese populations. Please stay tuned to these forums for additional information. 


Trading Card Game Art Gallery Update
The Trading Card game art gallery  has been updated with ten new pieces.


          
         