Boubouille2012-02-01, 05:37 PMMists of Pandaria Press Tour on March 13-15
Blizzard just announced a Mists of Pandaria Press Tour in 6 weeks. The expansion is definitely closer and it means we might finally see some new MoP information soon! 

For reference, the Cataclysm Friend & Family Alpha started on the first week of may and the actual Cataclysm press tour happened a month later. 
A Break in the Mists: Alert the Press!

Since the announcement of World of Warcraft: Mists of Pandaria at BlizzCon 2011, we’ve been hard at work on all of the new game features, environments, dungeons, and other content that awaits adventurers. Today, we’re inviting members of the press worldwide to get an updated sneak peek and some hands-on time with the latest version of World of Warcraft’s fourth expansion at an event taking place March 13 - 15.

If you want to know more about what lies hidden within the mists of Pandaria, wait for the season’s end….


Blue Posts
Resetting Cooldowns in PvP
I think cooldown resetting is the definition of cheesy gameplay, it only promotes zerging and the game would be better off without it.

Abilities that reset cooldowns create potential choices for classes to refresh their cooldowns on demand so that they can be reused; the timing on using this can often result in their victory or demise. Using them for simply zerging in and blowing all cooldowns twice will often not result in the best of outcomes as this can quite often be countered by your opponent.

You have to remember that having an ability that resets cooldowns on demand such as Preparation, Cold Snap or Readiness does not make a class overpowered or provide them with a greater advantage over others. It is simply another part of their toolkit and it comes with an innate choice, "Should I use it now or save it for later?” this adds an additional skill factor to their class. Do you pop it now to increase damage output and possibly secure that kill? Should you may maybe be save it just in case you need that second defensive cooldown or crowd control in a tight spot? Maybe you should wait until everything is finally on cooldown?

Knowing when and where to use these abilities is a very difficult thing to be able to assess. These are the decisions that make or break and separate the good players from the great ones. Just because some classes can refresh their cooldowns on demand every now and then does not mean that the ability allowing them to do so is overpowered or needs to be changed in some way, it's simply another part of their class, as is the same for other abilities for anyone else. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 


Curse Weekly Roundup
Pico is back to tell us about the things you might have missed in WoW, Diablo 3, and Minecraft news recently. 


 


Trading Card Game Art Gallery Update
The Trading Card Game art gallery  has been updated to feature ten new pieces.


          
         