Boubouille2011-11-03, 05:57 AMGuardian Cub Tradeable Pet Giveaway Winners
The winners for the giveaway have been picked, congratulations to them! Since we actually had to buy the pets for this giveaway and aren't working with codes, I will need winners to send me a PM with a link to their armory profile to know where I should mail the pet in-game.

<table style="padding-left: 30px;"><tr><td style="padding-right:20px;">
Annelot 
Boxofkittens 
Captn 
Katessa 
Knysbart 
</td><td style="padding-right:20px;">
Krekko 
lilbeefy 
Mineth 
Moosedrool 
Myle 
</td><td>
oxyzz 
Rawry1 
renanpg 
Starfairy 
tcfoo 
</td></tr></table>
For those of you who didn't win and can't/don't want to buy one you can probably find the pet at your local auction house for a reasonable price now that the first cubs bought yesterday are no longer bound to their owners.


 


Patch 4.3: Madness of Deathwing
Once again n1kftw  has supplied us with a video of Madness of Deathwing. The fight is now fully available on PTRs and even if it still needs to be tuned, it should be more accurate than the videos we've seen previously.


<iframe width="853" height="480" src="" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>


Patch 4.3 - In-Game Scroll of Resurrection Interface
In Patch 4.3, the friends list is getting an extra option to allow you to use a Scroll of Resurrection on a friend's account directly from the in-game interface. 


 


World of Warcraft Annual Pass Update
The World of Warcraft Annual Pass has been expanded to include more countries and is now available in Russia, Switzerland, Brazil, Mexico, Argentina, Chile and more.*

For a limited time only, players who make a 12-month subscription commitment to World of Warcraft through the WoW Annual Pass will receive the following epic rewards:



Diablo III FREE – Download the digital version via Battle.net for free when the game launches. This is the full game, not a trial edition.
Tyrael’s Charger WoW Flying Mount – Ride for the Archangel of Justice on all current and future characters on a single World of Warcraft account. Tyrael’s Charger will arrive via in-game mail with the upcoming launch of patch 4.3.
Access to the Next WoW Expansion Beta Test – Get a guaranteed spot in the beta test for the next World of Warcraft expansion at a time to be announced in the future.


Sign up for the World of Warcraft Annual Pass here , and then keep an eye on the World of Warcraft community site or the Diablo III community site for future announcements regarding the launch dates of these bonuses.

For more information on this offer, including eligibility requirements and details on how the World of Warcraft Annual Pass applies to players who plan to purchase the Diablo III: Collector’s Edition, please read the full FAQ 

*Not all countries may be able to participate. Regional laws and regulations may determine eligibility for this special offer.


Blue Posts
Monk Class Color
Right now the monk is jade green. We like the color, but it's not absolutely set in stone. For those wondering how this would work with the hunter green, it's as different as the colors are for mages and shaman. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

Updating old Tier armor sets textures resolution
We don't have any plans to tamper with the art of existing tier sets. Transmogrification is being implemented, in part, to allow nostalgic players the option of wearing old gear without having to worry about the stats anymore. But, we don't want to go back and actually alter those looks. That'd almost defeat the purpose, especially given we'd prefer to focus our time on designing new sets to allow for more customization options including aesthetic, stat-less sets to be used solely for Transmogrification.

The art and animation teams are incredibly busy, and sometimes I feel they don't get enough credit for the amount of work they do, or how much work is involved in each project. There are a number of projects on their list -- many of which players would love to see progress on -- but this isn't currently one of them that I'm aware of. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 


New Warcraft Fan Art
The World of Warcraft Fan Art Section  has been updated with five new pieces of fan artwork.


     
   


The Daily Blink - Booyah, Kitty!
Finishing the day with a very relevant Daily Blink 


 