Boubouille2012-03-21, 05:04 AMMists of Pandaria Beta Opt-in and FAQ - Beta is "very close"
The beta is now "very close" and Blizzard finally clarified how invites will work for people who bought the WoW Annual Pass.
We’re very close to beginning beta testing for World of Warcraft®: Mists of Pandaria™! Over the course of the beta test, we’ll be inviting Annual Pass holders, press, fansites, friends and family, and opt-in beta testers to participate. As there’s no NDA for this test, you’re likely to start seeing lots of screenshots and new video around the web. Please keep in mind that the game is still in development, and what you’ll see during the beta test is not necessarily representative of the final game.

If you’re wondering how you can help us test Mists of Pandaria, or how the test works, look no further than the paragraphs directly below this one.

How do I opt-in?
Once you’ve set up a Battle.net account and have attached at least one Blizzard game, you can choose to opt in to our beta tests from the Beta Profile page. You’ll need to select which franchises you’d be interested in helping test, as well as download and run the System Check tool to attach your computer’s specifications to your beta profile. Once that’s complete it’s simply a matter of waiting for an invite.

How will I know if I’m selected?
We’ll send you an email letting you know when you’re selected, but please be aware of phishing attempts. Some unscrupulous individuals send out falsified emails purporting to be from Blizzard, but are in fact meant to steal your login credentials. For more information on how to identify these emails please refer to our Battle.net Security site. One easy way to ensure your invite is legit is to avoid clicking on links in any invite emails you receive, and instead log in to your Battle.net account and see if you have a Mists of Pandaria beta license attached. If there’s no license, you can be sure the email you received was not from Blizzard.

I am participating in the World of Warcraft Annual Pass promotion; when do I begin testing?
We’re inviting Annual Pass holders in waves over the course of the beta test, and will be ramping up the number of invites we send as quickly as possible. We’ll be inviting Annual Pass holders based on several factors, including how long your World of Warcraft account has been active and when you signed up for the Annual Pass. Keep an eye on your Battle.net account and email for your invite to join the beta test.

How many players do you plan to invite to the beta test?
Our primary focus will be ensuring that all of the players who signed up for the Annual Pass are invited over the course of the beta test. The number of additional players we invite will be based on our testing needs. If during the course of testing we determine we need more players to participate, we’ll invite more.

Is there an NDA?
There is no Non-Disclosure Agreement for the Mists of Pandaria beta test. Those invited to play are free to take screenshots, movies, or stream the game content. Please be aware that the game is very much still a work in progress, and we appreciate your understanding when you encounter bugs, graphical errors, or other issues.

How long will the beta test last?
We have not determined an exact date for the end of the beta test. We’ll post a notice when the beta test is nearing completion.