chaud2012-07-20, 07:34 PMWorld of Warcraft PTR Patch 5.0.4 Notes
Character copy and the PTR servers are live! Don't forget to read the FAQ  Pet battles are not live yet.
Welcome to the World of Warcraft Patch 5.0.4 Public Test Realm. We thank you for testing Patch 5.0.4 with us, and ask that you participate in our PTR Feedback forum  and our PTR Bug Report forum 

Your feedback is greatly appreciated.

Please note that PTR testing is restricted to World of Warcraft game accounts that do not have access to the Mists of Pandaria beta test. You can find more information on this here 

General

Account-wide Achievements, pets, and mounts

In Patch 5.0.4 and beyond, the majority of your character's Achievements, pets, and mounts will be shared with your other characters. Please read: Bringing Achievements to the Account Level , by Greg "Ghostcrawler" Street


World Event: Attack on Theramore Isle

Warchief Garrosh, obsessed with assuring the Horde’s supremacy over Kalimdor, launches an all-out attack against Jaina's island home of Theramore. Though valiant Alliance defenders rush to repel the sudden onslaught, they’ll soon find themselves unprepared for the terrible scope of Garrosh's true plans…
In the Public Test Realm, we will be testing this event at specified intervals. Keep an eye on our PTR Feedback forum  for more details as they become available.


AOE Looting

Area of effect looting comes to World of Warcraft with this patch. After killing a group of enemies in close proximity, when you loot one of their corpses, the loot window will include items from all of the nearby corpses for which you have loot rights.


BattleTag  support in World of Warcraft

Players who have enabled their BattleTag  will now be able to:

See BattleTag friends in your friends list.
Add and remove BattleTag friends.
Send BattleTag invites to other players via right-click.




Classes

All classes have been updated with a new talent system , improved abilities, and spells accessible throughout levels 1-85. Your character's talents have been reset.

Many old talents have been converted to specialization abilities.
Druids now have access to a fourth class specialization: Guardian.
New spells are now learned automatically. Class trainers are only needed to change talents, glyphs, class specialization, or to utilize the dual specialization feature.
All characters now take 30% less damage from other players.




Currency Conversion

Coming soon.


Items

Spell Penetration has been replaced by PvP Power on existing items.
Head enchants removed

Enchants that modify the gear in your head slot have been removed  from the game. This includes older head enchants of every type.


Relics, ranged, and thrown items

The slot in which ranged, relics, and thrown items were previously equipped has been removed. All weapons should now be equipped in the weapon slot.
Ranged weapons, including wands, have been adjusted to be more powerful.
Ranged weapons no longer have a minimum range.




Professions

The glyph system has been updated. Many class glyphs have been added, altered, or moved to different glyph types.
Prime glyphs have been removed.


User Interface

There is a new user interface for your mounts and pets.
Character creation screens have been updated.
Buffs have been consolidated in the UI.
New roll results frame added. This new feature can be accessed by clicking the word "[Loot]" in chat, or by typing "/loot".
The PvE queue frames have been unified. You can now queue for dungeons, raids, and other queue-able content in one handy place.
Vendors now offer item filtering.
Spellbooks have been updated to reflect changes to core abilities, and now include a brief overview of specializations.
The Dungeon Journal has been expanded with information on all pre-Cataclysm encounters.
A new help system has been added to many frames. You can toggle this on and off by clicking the "i" button in the upper left corner of the frame.