chaud2012-03-25, 09:11 PMScarlet Monastery Preview
While we are waiting for the new level 90 Heroic versions of Scarlet Monastery, we went back and took a look at the revamped lower level versions. There are small new mechanics, changes, and new art that make the dungeon a much nicer experience than before, so watch the video for the full effect!



The Graveyard and Cathedral are now combined into one instance, as are the Armory and Library. 
Scarlet Flamethrowers drop fuel that you can explode to do damage to surrounding mobs. 
Mograine is no longer in the Cathedral and has been replaced with Commander Durand. 
The human monks are showing off the new monk animations while training. 
Scarlet Treasurers throw gold into the air when they die, leaving you with a few piles of gold to loot. 
Getting across the archery area requires using a target as a shield to protect yourself. 
The Houndmaster meets an untimely demise at the paws of his own hounds. 



<iframe width="853" height="480" src="" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

        
        
        
        
        
      


New Warlock Pets
Warlocks finally got new pets, which are learned  by the Grimoire of Supremacy  talent. These pets are stronger, do 10% more damage, and replace your normal pets. The Fel Imp  is a minor variation of the regular imp pet.


    
    
    



New Archaeology Artifacts

Pandaren Tea Set  - The Pandaren have a rich history of tea. While much care is given to its brewing, the secrets to properly enjoying tea have always been equally valued. This simple tea set was made during the reign of the Mogu, and provided solace and respite to the owner during a time of great pain and tyranny. Although it is cracked and broken, it serves as a reminder to take comfort in the simple pleasures of life.
Chang Ki Board and Pieces  - Pandaren love games. Chang Ki in particular has been a favorite among the Pandaren since the time of the first Pandaren emperor. Unfortunately, many of the pieces in this ancient set have been lost.
Twin Steins of Brewfather Quan Tou Kuo  - "A matching set of drinking steins, made of ebony and jade. Brewfather Quan Tou Kuo, "The Two-Fisted", sought to mitigate the side effects of strong drink by creating the perfect duality of brews. When imbibed together in the proper ratios, the Pale Ale of Spirit and the Dark Stout of the Mind combine in the drinker's stomach to achieve a state of enlightenment and goodwill without the loss of judgment and self-control so often experienced by less refined brews. Sadly, the Brewfather's secrets have been lost to time, but these lovingly crafted steins serve as a permanent reminder of his expertise.
Walking Cane of Brewfather Ren Yun  - "A long cane tipped with a head of carved whalebone, once used by the enigmatic Brewfather, Ren Yun. Blind since birth, Ren Yun's other senses were heightened. As a result, he found the brews of his time to be harsh or bitter. Years of experimentation allowed him to perfect four perfect brews that appealed to each of his other senses. And yet, the "one brew" that would appeal to all four senses at the same time eluded him. It was only at the end of his long life that he perfected the one master recipe, "The Four Senses Brew", that was the most magnificent discovery of his generation. Sadly the recipe was lost to time, because Ren Yun's handwriting was pretty much illegible.
Empty Keg of Brewfather Xin Wo Yin  - The heart-shaped spigot to this cask reveals it to be an artifact of the late great Brewfather Xin Wo Yin, "The Brokenhearted". Generations ago this renowned Brewfather created "Heartswell Brew", a concoction that infuses the drinker's entire being with a profound sense of warmth and wellbeing. It was said that Xin Wo Yin so loved the product of his art that he wept tears of heavy sorrow over every keg that left his brewery. It's likely that he wept over this very keg. Being that it's empty, you feel a little morose yourself.
Carved Bronze Mirror  - While the glass itself is long gone, the reverse of this mirror is an elaborately carved bronze disc depicting the Red Crane of Hope. An inscription reads, "To my dearest Lin / My beauty, my dove / This picture of perfection / Your reflection / My love - Yao"
Gold-Inlaid Porcelain Funerary Figurine  - "Commissioned at the time of the death of a loved one, figurines such as this one help the grieved overcome their loss. This statuette depicts a beautiful young Pandaren Lorewalker named Lin. The inscription indicates the she succumbed to a terrible fever that swept through the Valley of Four Winds during the short reign of the Hozen Emperor Rikktik.
Apothecary Tins of Yao Firmpaw  - A complete set of brass apothecary jars, with neatly engraved labels, meant for the storage of a complicated array of powerful medicinal herbs. Although the exact use of most of the herbs remains a mystery, a plaque on the box containing the tins identifies the physician as Yao Firmpaw, a name still associated with health and wellness in the Valley of Four Winds because of his spectacular career. Yao never married; legend has it because his heart was forever broken.
Pearl of Yu'lon
Standard of Nuzao  - A spool of thick canvas that, when held aloft, unfurls to reveal a proud emblem of the Pandaren Empire. Heavy iron rings dangle from long ribbons of leather affixed along the bottom, pulling the banner taut. Stitched into each strip of leather is a reminder for the standard-bearer: "Fear seeks to diminish you, instead, let it reveal you."
Umbrella of Chi-Ji  - The delicate paper canopy of this tall bamboo umbrella has been miraculously preserved since its making some time during the lengthy Thunderpaw dynasty. The underside depicts a blanket of jet-black storm clouds, while a glorious crimson sun adorns the top. Inked in elegant calligraphy across the clouds is a short message: "Hope is the sun behind a stormy sky, ever in the heart, but veiled to the eye." Chi-Ji, the Red Crane, has stood as a symbol of hope for the Pandaren for centuries. His ornate and glorious temple is perched in a vicious jungle south of the Valley of the Four Winds.
Spear of Xuen  - Crafted during the Zandalari Troll Wars, this imposing spear is surprisingly lightweight and flexible. Its lacquered wooden shaft is gouged with deep scars, though the tip appears completely unscathed. Judging by the length of this weapon and its date of origin, you presume it was a mounted weapon intended for use from the back of a flying serpent. Scratched into the weathered handle is a note: "The only opponent is yourself." Xuen, the White Tiger, is legendary for his ferocity and prowess in battle. It is at his temple, high in the mountains of Kun Lai Summit, that hopeful warriors temper their strength with discipline. 
Manacles of Rebellion  - Forged of iron and imbued with spells of subjugation and pain, these manacles with inward facing spikes were forced onto the slave races of the Mogu. While the spells have long since faded, their cruelty still sends chills down your spine.
Cracked Mogu Runestone  - Unlike "lesser races" that need schooling in the arts of magic, the ability was innate in the Mogu. From what is known about Mogu usage of magic, it is clear that their magic users did not fall into known categories, such as mage or warlock. Special emphasis was placed on flesh-shaping or spirit-capture magic. The strange residue of the magic that was imbued in this stone is difficult to understand by the modern races of Azeroth. Curiously, some of the markings around the rune resemble the Titan language.
Terracotta Arm  - When the Mogu had exhausted their options for enslaved mortal warriors, they turned their attention to creating armies of animated constructs to do their fighting for them. Because these terracotta warriors would sometimes sit dormant for centuries, it is hard to pinpoint exactly when this one was constructed or used. However, scoring at the base of the severed arm indicates that it was felled in combat.
Petrified Bone Whip  - This whip was fashined from the spine of some large and ancient creature. The blood of many Mogu slaves were shed by this instrument of pain.
Thunder King Insignia  - The symbol of a crown and crossed lightning bolts emblazon this jade emblem. It was a badge once worn by soldiers of the first Mogu emperor, Lei Shen.
Edicts of the Thunder King  - This code of laws, written in the unified language of the first empire, has been carefully chiseled onto the stone tablet. At the top of this list is the command that sedition, insurrection and rebellion be punished by public evisceration.
Iron Amulet  - This huge iron amulet weighs as much as a battle axe. Mogu warriors often wore ""jewelry"" such as this as a demonstration of strength.
Warlord's Branding Iron  - This branding iron emblazoned with the symbol of a minor Mogu warlord was used not on cattle, but on enslaved humanoids.
Mogu Coin  - This currency was used during the reign of mogu emperor Wai, who is depicted in all his snarling glory. The reverse of the coin depicts the changing of Mogu dynasties, a bloody process wherein the previous regime must be overpowered and executed. In many ways, ancient Mogu government was a meritocracy, based on brutal strength and terrible cunning.
Worn Monument Ledger  - Even with powerful magic at their disposal, the Mogu often preferred to use slaves to build their massive monuments. This ledger documents the cost, in slaves, during the construction of one such monument.
Quilen Statuette  - This statuette, carved during the brief reign of Mogu emperor Kang, was part of an experiment to bind Quilen servants in small stones. This experiment was abandoned as the Quilen thus bound were greatly diminished in power and thus deemed unworthy.
Anatomical Dummy  - An anatomical dummy of a Pandaren. It was used to document torture techniques.



Blue Posts
 Warlock Forums 
Warlocks and Green Fire
Green "fel" fire for warlocks, like they've been asking for since... forever?

It is our hope to introduce a quest which will allow warlocks to unlock the use of green fire. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

 Druid Forums 
Moonkin Form Model Update
I think they deserve a revamp, though, same as cats and bears got.
Well, we agree. And this is why an improved moonkin model is indeed in the schedule. But alas I have no due date to announce. In the meantime, we hope the various new cool shape-shift glyphs will provide a little distraction while the moonkin model gets the loving it needs. We hope the Glyph of Stars will help you here. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

Scarlet Monastery and Scholomance
Wouldn't it instead be more logical to do something about dungeons people NOT love so much? Why try fixing things which already are working fine and people already love?
That's a fair point. But just because we're revamping the big player favourites, doesn't mean that we won't be looking around and seeing what else we might want to revamp. 

So, what's this about Lillian Voss as a boss fight in Scholomance, eh? In Mists of Pandaria, we finally catch up with Lillian Voss. For those who didn't play through the Forsaken starting experience, Lillian Voss was brought back to life by Sylvanas, but despite this she refused to become part of the Forsaken.

After trying to re-connect with her still living father, those players with keen eyes might have noticed her handiwork in Western Plaguelands. As a non-aligned "free agent," Lillian has some surprising hidden talents. In Mists of Pandaria she's still confused about her situation. Still broiling with internal conflict, despising what she has become. 

Now she has a new and grander mission in mind and it revolves around Scholomance and Darkmaster Gandling in particular. She wants to ensure that like herself, no others shall be raised from death and subjugated. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

Mists of Pandaria Graphical Upgrades
There are actually quite a lot of graphic engine improvements in Mists of Pandaria, however for the most part they are subtle. For example, improved shadowing, blending and enhancements to the fog effect.

Amongst the large list of information we hope to share with you is included a list of the new graphic engine improvements with some before and after screenshots to highlight what each one brings to the game.

Each one might be subtle but as a whole they bring an improved visual appearance to the game. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

The Zandalari in Mists of Pandaira
Thousands of years ago, when the Zandalari and the Mogu boasted the most powerful empires in Azeroth, the Zandalari were actually allied with the Mogu. So when the Pandaren revolted against the Mogu, of course the Zandalari displayed their allegiance to their Mogu friends by attacking the embryonic Pandaren empire. Overcoming this threat was to be one of the Pandaren empire's first tests of strength.

After the passing of so many thousands of years, after the mists had covered Pandaria for so long — keeping ancient threats like the Zandalari at bay — Pandaren children have now come to see the mythological Zandalari somewhat like our children see bogeymen. Scary enough to ensure compliance with the instructions and requests of parents, but at the end of the day, not the kind of threat you ever really see with your own eyes and in your own backyard... right?

The misty shrouds that the last Pandaren Emperor used to protect Pandaria from the demonic jeopardy that threatened Azeroth have done a particularly good job, for no troll has been seen in Pandaria for over 10,000 years. No wonder the Zandalari seem like nothing more than freakish figures of fiction to many Pandaren. 

Imagine the Pandaren's surprise when the mists collapse and Pandaria's lush forests and cloud-ringed mountains are once more threatened by the ancient Zandalari menace that they had come to see as nothing more than scary savages in some superstitious stories.After the mists collapse, of course after 10,000 years the Zandalari are intensely curious about Pandaria, even more so perhaps than the Horde and Alliance are. But is there more to their interest than pure curiosity? 

So, just like the Alliance and Horde, they send out their forces to Pandaria. But it would appear they have it in mind to re-connect with their ancient allies, the Mogu. It seems they want to help them retake the land away from the Pandaren and once again bring it under Mogu rule. How very kind of them!

But is their mission to re-establish Mogu rule really so altruistic as that? They seem so desperate to acquire Pandaren territory. What exactly could be their motive, if it isn't just to help out their ancient Mogu allies?

To find out more, we will need to wait a little while longer so we can head towards Kun-Lai Summit and unravel the secrets that are there to be discovered. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

LFR -loot system
We're working on getting a new Coffee with the Devs aka Dev Watercooler out, which will explain the new system in a very clear and precise way. 

I don't want to post everything that'll be explained in that article, however essentially for Raid Finder it's currently intended to be like this: the boss will die, the game decides who wins loot. There'll be no rolling or passing. Blue Tracker [/b] ][b / Official Forums 

How Exactly Do We "Demand" Item Squish?
The way you “demand” an item squish is by testing, talking and sharing your constructive feedback with us here. We realize that there are players on both sides of the fence on this issue and we want to be able to evaluate the comfort level for moving forward with the possibility before we actually do anything more should we feel it’s necessary. Essentially, we want players to start expecting it rather than fearing it. While we stand 100% behind the new talent changes, we also recognize that they may be a bit controversial. We thought it would make sense to first have everyone try out the new talent model for the expansion before we tried doing any item squishes. We don’t want a returning player to not only have to relearn their class because of these big talent changes, but also to have to get used to doing lower damage. That’s a lot of change to take in at once. As we mentioned, we had the squish all in and working, but seeing those small numbers felt odd to us – and we knew exactly what to expect. For a player not knowing what to expect, it might feel downright alien and not very “ WoW like” which is not a good experience with which to welcome a player to a new expansion. We know that veterans are ready and willing to take on whatever gets thrown their way, but for others, we don’t want to completely overwhelm them if we can avoid it.

As we said in the original blog, we don’t want anyone to reject the idea of an item squish solely because they enjoy soloing old content. There are other solutions to that problem, if in fact it becomes a problem.

The primary motivation behind an item squish is to make the numbers more readable for players. It would have almost no balance implications. There are however some programming implications. It’s easy to get bogged down into technical details quickly, but many of the numbers in WoW have a cap of two billion. There are cases where we already have gotten close to that cap, with which many of you are probably already familiar. We already had to do some work in Cataclysm to increase the gold cap because gold is stored in the game as copper. We have already had some bosses, such as Flame Leviathan, with health of over one billion. We have already had fights in the game where players could hit the threat cap. All of these problems have solutions, but they aren’t free solutions, and focusing programmer time on fixing them means less time for other features. We think we will be fine for Mists of Pandaria, but we are going to have to consider those solutions soon after. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 


Beta Blue Posts
Bring Back Option to Unconsolidate Buffs
When this feature is fully implemented, it will only consolidate buffs when you are in a group and possibly only in a dungeon or raid. There will also be an option to turn off the feature completely. For now, we just wanted to get more feedback on it. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

Changing Talent Specializations
You're unable to at this time, unfortunately. Eventually you will be able to visit your class trainer to unspec, but that functionality isn’t available in the current build. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

Addons in the Beta
Addons are currently disabled in the beta. It's important that we do this so that we can tell the difference between a client error and an addon error. We'll notify everyone when we're at the point that we enable them again. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

No NDA for Testers
If you have a beta license, you are free to show, share, or talk about any portion of the beta content to which you have access, as this beta test is not confidential. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 


Mists of Pandaria Screenshots of the Day
The Screenshots of the Day  section of the official site has been updated new Mists of Pandaria screenshots. 


      
     