chaud2012-04-25, 10:06 PMNew Models: PvP Set - Death Knight
One more set was added yesterday that didn't make it into the initial post, the Death Knight PvP set!


http://media.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2012/april/thumb/pvpdeathknight.jpg http://media.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2012/april/pvpdeathknight.jpg 


Announcing Battle.net Item Restoration
Starting today, players can access a new system that will allow players to recover World of Warcraft items that they may have sold, destroyed or disenchanted: Battle.net Item Restoration https://us.battle.net/support/en/restoration.

With this new self-service option the recovery of an item or items that were recently deleted or sold to a vendor can be restored to a character immediately when using the ticket submission system on our support site. For any items that were accidentally disenchanted the same method can be used to request a review by Customer Support for restoration.

This restoration option may only be used once every 30 days on active World of Warcraft accounts that are in good standing. As this option has a limited availability and use, we still encourage caution when selling, deleting or disenchanting items.

While Customer Service always strives to help whenever we can, with the introduction of this self-help feature we will no longer be able to assist with these types of requests.

Basics
How can I access the restoration web form?
When you use the ticket submission system on our Battle.net Support site to request restoration for an item, you will see the item restoration service in addition to the normal ticket submission option.

How do I use the web form to restore my items?
When you select the item restoration service, you will first choose a character to receive the restoration. A sortable list of items that the character recently destroyed or sold will appear. You can select items to restore by clicking Add. Once you’re satisfied, click Continue and confirm your restoration. The restored items will be delivered to your character via in-game mail.

Restrictions
How often can I use the web restoration service?
Active World of Warcraft accounts in good standing not locked or banned may use the item restoration web form once every 30 days.

What items can be restored?
Items that were recently sold, destroyed, or disenchanted can be restored through the web form. Items lost in any other way -- including through trade, crafting, and use, among others -- will not be eligible for restoration through the web form.

What if an item I want restored isn’t appearing on the list?
If an item does not appear on the list, it is not available for restoration through the web form.

Restorations
When will I receive my restoration?
Sold and destroyed items will be restored to you immediately after completing the web form, and a ticket for any disenchanted items will be sent to Customer Support for review on your behalf.

How will I receive my restoration?
Restored items will be sent to your in-game mailbox. Items that were sold to a vendor will be mailed cash on delivery for their sale amount.

How do restorations work for disenchanted items?
Disenchanted item restorations must be reviewed by Customer Support. During the review process, any materials gained from disenchanting the item will be removed before the item is restored. If the materials cannot be recovered, restoration of the disenchanted item will not be possible.

When will I receive the restoration for my disenchanted items?
Restorations for disenchanted items will need to be reviewed by Customer Support. A ticket will be automatically submitted through the web form and the restoration will be delivered to your in-game mailbox when the review is complete. The amount of time the review takes will depend on the number of tickets in our queue.



http://media.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2012/april/thumb/itemRestore.jpg http://media.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2012/april/itemRestore.png 


Final Annual Pass Invites Going Out
The final invites that didn't get sent in the last wave are going out today, so keep an eye on your Battle.Net page if you are expecting one!
We ran into a delay in flagging the remaining 'bounced' accounts who should have an invite. We're in the process of doing so today, though. We really appreciate everyone's patience.