chaud2012-07-01, 04:35 PM<link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href=""/>Mists of Pandaria Beta Key Giveaway
If you aren't in the Mists of Pandaria Beta yet, or didn't win a key last time, now is your chance! If you entered the last contest, please log in and check your PMs, there are still many beta keys unclaimed. 


The giveaway is for 100 x Mists of Pandaria Beta Keys. 
To enter the giveaway, just reply to this post! 
Entering more than once is useless and will get you disqualified. There will be no 2nd chance for people posting more than one comment in this thread, you have been warned. We will also of course check for double accounts, etc
The giveaway will be closed on Tuesday, July 3rd at 11:59 PM EDT 5:59 AM CEST and winners will be chosen randomly.
If you want to talk about the rest of the news post, head over to this topic  on the forums!






Grand Expedition Yak Price Increase
The Reins of the Grand Expedition Yak  has been hit with a price increase to <span class="money"><span class="money-gold" alt="g">120,000</span></span>. Most players will be able to purchase it at the discounted price of <span class="money"><span class="money-gold" alt="g">108,000</span></span>, which comes from the Bartering  guild perk. 


  


The Lorewalker Stories
In Mists of Pandaria there are several extra lore related achievements  to go with the regular zone exploration achievements. 

Once you have found all of the objects for an achievement, Lorewalker Cho will send you mail that asks you to meet him at the Seat of Knowledge. Once there he will narrate a small story that gives you some more information about Pandaria lore. 

In the video below, the Heart of the Mantid Swarm  story is told to you.


<iframe width="853" height="480" src="" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>


Beta Class Balance Analysis
We knocked out a lot of bugs on pet scaling. You probably have some of these now and will get more updates over time.

All pets get:

Crit: 100% of your Crit Melee/Ranged/Spell individually
Hit: 50% of your Hit and 50% of your Exp
Exp: 50% of your Hit and 50% of your Exp
Resil: 100% of your Resil
PvP Power: 100% of your PvP Power
Haste: 100% of your Haste Melee/Ranged/Spell/Regen individually
Dodge: 100% of your Dodge
Parry: 100% of your Parry
Armor: Various %s of your Armor, based on pet
HP: Various %s of your HP, based on pet


Some pets get, as appropriate to the pet:

SP: Some % of your SP, AP, or RAP, based on pet
AP: Some % of your SP, AP, or RAP, based on pet
RAP: Some % of your RAP, based on pet
Mastery: Warlock and Mage pets get 100% of your Mastery
Mana: Mage pets get 100% of your Mana
Mana Regen: Mage pets get 100% of your Mana Regen


This might work in an average raiding guild. But I'll tell you right now I can already spot a few encounters where a particular class is going to outshine another class due to the mechanics of the encounter and abilities of a class. 
Please provide that feedback perhaps in the dungeon and raid forum as you see it. We don't believe it's an unsolvable problem though. Healer representation was pretty good throughout Cataclysm, even when various classes had the fight or two that was awesome for them.

I liked the old model of Wrath far more than Cata and Mists current model. When you try to make each healer a jack of all trades you essentially take away a very key aspect of why players chose to play the class to begin with. I love tank healing, and it's actually why I rolled a Paladin to begin with. But, we've been such strong AoE healers all expansion that over the course of time tank healing duty has shifted from paladins to other classes that cannot put out the output that paladins do. 
The problem with that design is that you are then saying every raid needs a paladin for tank healing, or else we say e.g. Disc priest is the other tank healer and you need one of them. The group that has a Disc priest and a paladin is just screwed. All of those single-target heals and mechanics for shaman and Holy priests become pointless because those players will say "We're the raid healers. We only AE." Now that we have 6 healing specs, it would be very challenging to make them all desirable if they had narrow niches. You can make a similar argument for tank specialization. Does a guild need to keep a Prot paladin in the wings for the fight where a Prot paladin shines? Do all the tanks just do daily quests waiting for the one fight where they get to come tank? We just think it works better if most designated specs can handle any tanking or healing situation, with enough unique mechanics that things don't get too stale. 

 Death Knight Forums 
HS does around 20% of your DPS. Switching to Blood Boil, then, will be a considerable drop. DS does 15% of your DPS.
I mentioned Blood Boil above. We also agree that the difference in damage between Death Strike and Heart Strike was too much, so we increased Death Strike and decreased Heart Strike.

Is the Gargoyle intended to gain any benefit from Unholy Presence or Improved Unholy Presence, given the latter's classification as increased attack speed and rune regen? 
Nope. Those don’t give any Spell Haste, which is what the Gargoyle cares about.

 Hunter Forums 
1 Currently having 1 pet and the glyph to duplicate said pet assuming Ferocity does significantly less about ~40-45% of having 5 Ferocity pets on-call when using Stampede. Can you clarify if there is a bug currently with the glyph?
The gylph required new code support, which may not be in yet. Regardless, it should cause no difference in damage, from just having 5 Ferocity pets naturally.

2 Assuming the glyph is being used and 4 duplicates of your current pet are called, are the 4 duplicates called with the baseline stats, or are the buffs from the original pet copied to them; i.e. is the design of Stampede intended for it to be used after AP procs and Rabid/Bestial Wrath to maximize the damage of the other pets? It seems to fit the niche of the Doomguard for Demo currently where lining up buffs causes the Doomguard to scale in damage and would add a measure of complexity to the CD. 
It doesn’t copy buffs from the current pet, but all of the pets do benefit from pet scaling more on scaling in a bit.

 Paladin Forums 
Do the developers intend/want Holy pallys to use Selfless Healer, Glypth of Ascetic Crusader, and those types of rotations Crusader Stirke for melee range, Judgement for extended range to manage mana/heals?
There should be no mandatory talents or glyphs. We left Selfless Healer as an option for Holy paladins who like using Judgment. We don't have a problem with using Crusader Strike sometimes -- there are going to be plenty of situations where you won't want to stand in melee.

It sounds like part of the problem is that Holy is using Light of Dawn in every situation, even tank healing because of the Beacon transfer. In our effort to get paladins to use the spell again instead of just spamming Holy Radiance and ignoring Holy Power, we may made it too good relative to Word of Glory. As I said recently, if we buff Holy Radiance too much and nerf Light of Dawn too much, then we're back to ignoring Holy Power. If Holy Radiance is too weak and Light of Dawn is too strong, then paladins can only AE heal once every X seconds.

We're not seeing paladins struggle with mana including paladins who stay at range and aren't using Selfless Healer compared to shaman, druids and priests in our raid tests. The more Flash of Lights and to a lesser extent Divine Lights you throw out, the worse your longevity will be, but of course sometimes you need to use those spells.

Is the expectation that Holy pallys will be an ultra specialized raid class? I'm curious on this, as currently the mutliple situtaional rotations are complex at best.
No, we don't do that anymore. Different healers do have different mechanics, which will enable them to shine in different situations, e.g. grouping up favors Resto shaman a lot. But the goal is that if your 10-player raid has 2 of any class of healer and possibly even two of the same spec, though that may be tougher, you're in good shape and don't generally swap one healer for another on certain fights.

While I agree with your stance and understand that this is the ideal direction and that it is going to be hard to reach it, you have to at least acknowledge that SH is going to be better in mostly any scenario for PvE. If this continues to be the case I assure you that it will not be an option, it will become a mandatory talent.
I think that's just tuning. Do you think Selfless Healer would be so attractive without the Ascetic Crusader glyph? We don't think that glyph is super compelling for Prot and Ret these days meaning beta and it wasn't intended to have such strong synergy with Selfless Healer.

I agree that the issue is LoD being ridiculous right now. But there's more to it. Perhaps a solution to look at is adding Holy Power generation back to Holy Light. Maybe not every cast, but perhaps every 2 Holy Lights you cast you generate one Holy Power. Right now HR is barely worth casting, and as such very few are going to take advantage of it. Holy Power generation feels weak because of it. Mana feels weak because of Holy Power generation. 
We may be being too cautious with Holy Radiance, but it is very easy to turn it into something like the new Light of Dawn, where every cast is better spent on Holy Radiance than single target heals. 25-player raids which we aren't publicly testing yet always allow healers to specialize a little more, and players haven't yet seen every raid fight, so they don't have a good grasp of how many group up vs. spread out too over-simplify matters there are.

We wanted to see what giving back a little haste and crit to everyone would do. If that isn't sufficient to bump up Holy Power generation a little, we're also considering reinstating Divine Favor.

There may be some way to return Holy Power to Holy Light, but we don't want a return to the style of spamming Holy Light on the Beacon target and nothing else. All of these mechanics are intended to give paladins options rather than there being the one true rotation that works for most rotations. Sometimes you should want to heal a wounded target and rely on Beacon to help the tank. Sometimes you should want to heal the tank directly and benefit from Tower of Radiance to provide Holy Power. Sometimes you should want to Holy Radiance because several folks are wounded and sometimes the mana should be better spent on a Divine Light or Flash of Light. Sometimes Holy Power should be for Light of Dawn and sometimes for Word of Glory or Eternal Flame.

 Shaman Forums 
What are the Echo of the Elements proc chances for Enhancement and Elemental?
Echo of the Element’s proc chance is 6% for Elemental and Restoration, and 30% for Enhancement.

 Warlock Forums 
Touch of Chaos is used to refresh Corruption, then is manually canceled prior to dropping from Metamorphosis to prevent any in-flight bolts refreshing Corruption without the buff Metamorphosis confers?
We think this was a little confusing, so we renamed the auto attack override to simply "Melee", and Demonic Slash to "Touch of Chaos." The new Touch of Chaos aka, Demonic Slash, extends Corruption instead of refreshing, which would recalculate damage. The Melee auto attack no longer affects Corruption. This means no more problems with in-flight bolts.

How is the interaction with Malefic Grasp/Drain Soul speeding Dot ticks and KJ's cunning supposed to work? Does the slowing of cast time have some interaction with the dot ticks or does it only affect the channeled spell's tick time and therefore dmg?
The period of channeled spells is slowed with Kil’jaeden’s Cunning, but the DoT hastening effect of Malefic Grasp and Drain Soul is not. Just the MG will deal reduced DPS -- the DoTs will stay full DPS.

Also, what is the intended interaction between burning rush and KJ's cunning? 
I assume you’re referring to them both affecting movement speed? They stack, multiplicatively: normally 100%, but while casting and moving 80%, while burning 150%, and while casting and moving and burning 120%.

 Warrior Forums 
How does Flurry interact with auto-attack swing times? If you gain the Flurry buff on an auto-attack, does the next auto attack from that hand gain the haste benefit? When dual-wielding, does the Flurry buff that gets removed / added "mid-swing" affect the remaining auto-attack swing times? Finally, at what point is the Flurry stack decremented? 
The exact specifics of what happens to swings that are partially cooled down when the buff expires or is gained are a little hazy, but it should basically work like this: while the buff is up, both auto-attacks’ swing timers are shortened. If the buff falls off when one swing is 50% cooled down, it continues from being 50% cooled down at the slower swing time. If you gain the Flurry buff on one auto attack, the next auto attack from that hand does gain the haste benefit. The Flurry stack is decremented when the 3rd auto attack lands after the attack that triggered Flurry.


Mists of Pandaria Beta Key Giveaway for Addon Authors
If you are an addon author who still doesn't have beta access, we might be able to help you out! As long as you have a 1,000 user install base for at least one of your addons, you are eligible to grab a beta key. There is no charge, so head over to the Curseforge store  to order.


  


MMO-Champion Shirt Giveaway
Curse is giving ten lucky fans an awesome J!NX MMO-Champion T-shirt. Enter the sweepstakes and get the chance to win your T-Shirt now! You must be 13 or older and live in Canada or the United States  

If you don't want to wait, you can always order one from J!NX 


  


MMO-Report
The MMO Report  is here with SWTOR, PlanetSide 2, and EVE!


<object classId="clsid:D27CDB6E-AE6D-11cf-96B8-444553540000" width="640" height="400" id="VideoPlayerLg59599"><param name="movie" value="" /><param name="allowScriptAccess" value="always" /><param name="allowFullScreen" value="true" /><embed src="" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" name="VideoPlayer" width="640" height="400" allowScriptAccess="always" allowFullScreen="true" /></object>