chaud2012-04-29, 04:54 PMMists of Pandaria - Updated Armor Sets Videos
A couple of armor sets have been released over the past weeks and we had to go back at a couple of them to make more detailed previews. The new video previews should be fairly representative of the sets you will see in the final version of the game! 


Challenge Mode Armor Set - Mage

<iframe width="853" height="480" src="" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Challenge Mode Armor Set - Warrior

<iframe width="853" height="480" src="" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Arena PvP Set - Warlock

<iframe width="853" height="480" src="" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>


Children's Week is Coming: April 29 - May 5
Children's Week is coming! Taking place once a year in Orgrimmar, Stormwind, Dalaran, and Shattrath City, this week-long celebration is a time to give back to the innocents orphaned by war.

This year, the holiday will begin on April 29 and will end on May 5. Take an orphan under your wing, perform the tasks you are presented with and you’ll show one of Azeroth’s children that you care and be rewarded with a special in-game pet to boot.
Many orphans wish they had someone special to show them the wonders of the world. Throughout the year, they often spend their time wandering around their home cities of Stormwind or Orgrimmar, dreaming of the day they'll be old enough and big enough to venture out into the world to see the sights their parents would have shown them.

During Children's Week, brave heroes of the Horde and the Alliance can make these kids' dreams come true! Visit your faction’s local orphanage to take one of these children on a whirlwind adventure around the world.


  

Event Details
When: April 29 - May 5th

Where:

Alliance: Orphan Matron Nightingale in Stormwind
Horde: Orphan Matron Battlewail in Orgrimmar
All Factions: Orphan Matron Mercy in Shattrath City, Orphan Matron Aria in Dalaran.

Activities
Visit famous landmarks with one of Azeroth’s orphans by your side, embark on adventures across the lands of Azeroth, and bring your young friend back to the orphanage.

Children's Week in Eastern Kingdoms or Kalimdor

Many orphans wish they had someone special to show them the wonders of the world. Throughout the year, these children spend their time wandering around their home cities of Stormwind or Orgrimmar, dreaming of the day they'll be old enough and big enough to venture out into the world and see the sights their parents would have shown them. During Children's Week, brave adventurers of the Horde and the Alliance can make these kids' dreams come true! Visit your faction’s local orphanage to take one of these children on a whirlwind adventure around the world. Talk to either Orphan Matron Nightingale in Stormwind Alliance or Orphan Matron Battlewail in Orgrimmar Horde. After that, you’ll be able to take your young friend on an adventure across Azeroth.

Pet Rewards

Mr. Wiggles  - summoned with the Piglet's Collar , this cute piglet is one of the reward options available from your faction capital city quest.
Whiskers the Rat  - summoned with the Rat Cage , this cute baby rat is one of the reward options available from your faction capital city quest.
Speedy  - summoned with the Turtle Box , this cute baby turtle is one of the reward options available from your faction capital city quest.
Scooter the Snail  - summoned with the Snail Shell , this adorable baby snail is one of the reward options available from your faction capital city quest.


  

Children's Week in Shattrath

The orphans of Shattrath's Lower City, victims of the war that rages across Outland, also need company and adventure. Talk to Orphan Matron Mercy to offer one of Shattrath’s orphans the adventure of a lifetime as you embark on an adventure across Outland and learn a little about your ward along the way.

The outcome of the ongoing battle against the Burning Legion may one day lie in the hands of these children, so a little encouragement, or a push in the right direction, could make all the difference in the world.

Pet Rewards

Egbert  - summoned with the Egbert's Egg , this cute baby hawkstrider is one of the reward options available from the “Back to the Orphanage” quest, which begins with Orphan Matron Mercy in Shattrath City.
Peanut  - summoned with the Elekk Training Collar , this cute baby elekk is one of the reward options available from the “Back to the Orphanage” quest, which begins with Orphan Matron Mercy in Shattrath City.
Willy  - this baby floating eye will occasionally wake from his nap to kill a nearby creature classified in the game as a "critter." He is one of the reward options available from the “Back to the Orphanage ” quest, which begins with Orphan Matron Mercy in Shattrath City.
Legs  - this cute baby Spore Walker is one of the reward options available from the “Back to the Orphanage” quest, which begins with Orphan Matron Mercy in Shattrath City.


  

Children's Week in Dalaran

The orphans of Northrend need your help. For less than the cost of a cup of Kungaloosh, you can sponsor an unfortunate orphan like little Roo or Kekek. Simply contact Orphan Matron Aria in Dalaran to pledge your time and show one of these children that you care. You can make all the difference in the life of a young Oracle or Wolvar. Act now!

Pet Rewards

Curious Oracle Hatchling  - this little companion can be obtained during Northrend Children's Week by completing a quest chain.
Curious Wolvar Pup  - this little companion can be obtained during Northrend Children's Week by completing a quest chain.


 

Other Rewards

Achievements: Children's Week currently offers a total of 110 achievement points, split over seven achievements and one meta-achievement  *Please note that achievement objectives between the Horde and Alliance are nearly the same, though there are some minor differences.
Titles: Matron or Patron, depending on the gender of your character, granted for completing the meta-achievement “For the Children.”

Check out our Children’s Week screenshot gallery 


Dragonwrath: A Legendary Musical
NananeaWoW !/NananeaWoW released a pretty interesting musical video of the Dragonwrath legendary questline. If you have a few minutes of free time, you should definitely check it out. 


<iframe width="853" height="480" src="" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>