Boubouille2012-07-25, 01:51 PMMists of Pandaria to be Released on September 25


 

Heroes of Azeroth, prepare to embark for an exotic new frontier! World of Warcraft®: Mists of Pandaria™ is launching on September 25, 2012 and you can be ready to play when the servers go live by pre-purchasing the game digitally  Plus, for the first time ever, players will have the option to upgrade a pre-purchase to the all-new Digital Deluxe Edition which comes with all of the in-game items from the retail Collector’s Edition, including a World of Warcraft pet and mount, banner sigil and accent for Diablo® III, and Battle.net® portraits for StarCraft® II.

Beginning September 25, 2012, World of Warcraft players around the world will be able to set sail for the long-lost continent of Pandaria, where they’ll explore forgotten dungeons, vanquish risen evils, and play their part in the Horde-Alliance conflict as it reaches a critical breaking point.

Whether you plan to level your existing character to 90 or start fresh with a new pandaren monk, it’s never too early to begin preparing for your adventure. Simply log in to your Battle.net® account , and then pre-purchase Mists of Pandaria. You’ll then be flagged to automatically download the expansion content prior to release so you’ll be ready to go when the game launches.

During the pre-purchase process, you’ll have the option to grab either the Mists of Pandaria Standard Edition  for $39.99 USD or the all-new Digital Deluxe edition  for $59.99 USD -- or, if you snag the standard edition now and decide you want to upgrade to Digital Deluxe later, you’ll have the opportunity to do so for an additional $20.

The Digital Deluxe edition includes a full digital copy of the expansion, as well as a selection of Pandaria-inspired in-game content for World of Warcraft, Diablo III, and StarCraft II. If you’re looking for even more plunder, a special Mists of Pandaria Collector’s Edition  with additional bonus items will also be available exclusively at select retail locations for a suggested retail price of $79.99 USD.


Learn more about the Digital Deluxe Edition 
Learn more about the Collector’s Edition 

For more details on the September 25, 2012 release of World of Warcraft: Mists of Pandaria, be sure to hit the official press release , or head to our new Mists of Pandaria  game page to learn more about the expansion and prepurchase your digital copy.

*When you pre-purchase World of Warcraft: Mists of Pandaria, you will be able to download an encrypted version of the game once it’s available, prior to the game’s release. This content will be unlocked and available