chaud2012-10-18, 04:52 PMPatch 5.1 PTR Notes Update - October 18
Only changed and new notes are below, see the full notes on the Blue Tracker 
General

All mineral nodes will now despawn one minute after they are mined, even if items remain in them.


Classes
 Druid Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Symbiosis:

The cast time of Symbiosis  has been reduced to 2 seconds.
Survival Instincts  is once again granted to Brewmaster Monks and now costs 2 Chi to use.
Might of Ursoc  is once again granted to Blood Death Knights, and now costs 30 Runic Power.
Savage Defense  is once again granted to Protection Warriors, but now only provides a 30% increase to dodge.
Barkskin  is once again granted to Protection Paladins, and now costs 1 Holy Power.
The cooldown of Stampeding Shout  provided by Symbiosis has been reduced to 5 minutes.
The duration of Solar Beam  provided by Symbiosis now displays correctly as 4 seconds.


The Glyph of Solar Beam  has been changed, and now increases the radius of Solar Beam to 10 yards was 5 yards.
The duration of Solar Beam  has been reduced to 8 seconds.


 Hunter Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Aspect of the Fox  has been removed.
Steady Shot , Cobra Shot , and Barrage  can now always be cast on the move.
Lynx Rush has been changed. Lynx Rush  is now a bleed effect that causes damage every 3 seconds over a period of 15 seconds, and stacks up to 9 times.
Bestial Wrath  no longer grants Hunter pets immunity to crowd control effects, and instead now breaks existing crowd control effects when activated.


 Mage Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

A new Minor Glyph has been added: Discreet Magic  This glyph prevents Nether Tempest , Living Bomb , Frost Bomb , Arcane Barrage , and Inferno Blast  from affecting targets more than 5 yards away from the primary target.
Water Elemental

New Pet Ability: Water Jet  Water Jet channels a jet of frigid water at the target, dealing Frost damage over 4 seconds. Frostbolts cast by the pet's owner that hit the target while it is being blasted with icy water will grant a charge of Fingers of Frost  This ability has a 24 sec cooldown shared with Freeze  and a 1 second cast time.

Mage Armor  now reduces the duration of harmful Magic effects by 25% was 35%.
The damage absorbed by Ice Barrier  has been reduced by 25%.
Pyroblast  now has a 3 second cooldown.
Ring of Frost  and Deep Freeze  now have a 45 second cooldown was 30 seconds.
Combustion's  periodic damage is now based only on the current Ignite , instead of both Ignite and Pyroblast. Damage has been increased to bring it up to approximately the same level as before.
Blazing Speed  may now be triggered after recieving damage in any amount.
The mana cost of Spellsteal  has been increased to 21% of base mana was 7%.
Fixed an issue with Glyph of Icy Veins  that could prevent all three bolts from firing.
Fixed an issue with Glyph of Icy Veins  that could prevent the affected abilities from doing the correct damage.


 Monk Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

The Power Strikes  talent now grants the Power Strikes effect every 22 seconds, which causes the Monk's next attack to generate 1 additional Chi.
The Healing Elixirs  talent now grants the Healing Elixirs effect every 18 seconds, which causes the next Brew or Tea consumed to heal the Monk for 10% of maximum health.


 Paladin Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Hand of Salvation  has been changed. This ability now removes all of a target's threat for 10 seconds.


 Priest Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Chakra: Serenity  now increases single target healing by 25% was 15%.
Chakra: Sanctuary  now increases area healing by 25% was 15%.
The Psyfiend's  health has been reduced to 10% of the controlling Priest's healthwas 30%.


 Rogue Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

The cooldown of Sprint  has been reduced to 45 seconds was 1 minute.
The cooldown of Blind  has been reduced to 1 minute was 3 minutes.
The energy cost of the Burst of Speed  talent has been reduced to 50 energy was 60 energy.
Wound Poison  now deals 33% more damage.


 Warlock Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

The Felguard and Wrathguard pet ability Threatening Presence  will no longer be auto-cast by default.
Rain of Fire 

Aftermath  will now grant Rain of Fire's  damage over time effect a chance to generate Burning Embers 
Rain of Fire  no longer requires Immolate  to be present to generate Burning Embers 
Rain of Fire's  damage over time will now hit every 1 second was 2 seconds. The damage animation for the damage over time effect will no longer always display.

Conflagrate  now generates Burning Embers 
Demonic Gateway's  duration has been increased to 20 minutes, and it will no longer despawn if the Warlock moves too far away. 


Pet Battles

A new item has been introduced that can be used to upgrade the quality of Battle Pets: Battle-stones 

Players will have a very small chance to obtain a general purpose and family specific Flawless Battle-stone after winning a match against wild pets; defeating higher level opponents increases the chances of obtaining a stone. Family specific Flawless-Battlestones will be of the same family as the pets that were defeated. These valuable items are not soulbound, and can be sold on the Auction House.



Raids, Dungeons and Scenarios

Cooldown timers greater than 5 minutes will now reset between attempts on Challenge Mode dungeons.