chaud2014-02-12, 02:10 AMPatch 5.4.7 PTR - Build 17889
Build 17889 will be deployed to the PTR realms soon.

String Changes

Automated In-game Mail #403 - Character Boost: We've supplied you with a whole new set of high-level gear , but attached you'll find all the old items and equipment you once carried. - The WoW Dev Team




Spell Changes
Mounts

Armored Dread Raven  Summons and dismisses an Armored Dread Raven. This mount changes depending on your Riding skill and location. Account wide. 1.5 sec cast.


 Shaman Forums , Talent Calculator 

Far Sight  Changes the caster's viewpoint to the targeted location. Lasts 60 sec. Only useable outdoors. 3.5% of Base Mana. 1,000 yd Unlimited range. 60 sec cast Channeled.


 Warlock Forums , Talent Calculator 
Pets

Legion Strike  A sweeping attack that does 130% of the Felguard's weapon damage divided among all targets within 6 yards. The Felguard's current target is also wounded, reducing the effectiveness of any healing received by 10% for 5 6 sec. Right-Click to toggle Requires Weapon. Basic Attack. 60 Energy. Melee range. Instant.


 Warrior Forums , Talent Calculator 
Talents

Warbringer  Your Charge also knocks pins a target to the ground, stunning rootng it for 4 sec and reducing movement speed by 50% for 15 sec. Warrior - LvL 15 Talent.




Patch 5.4.7 PTR Patch Notes Update - February 11
Classes

 Warlock Forums  / Skills  / WoD Talent Calculator 

Demonology

Felguard's Legion Strike and Wrathguard's Mortal Cleave now reduces the effectiveness of any healing received for 6 seconds up from 5 seconds so the pet can maintain the effect without Haste.






The Scroll of Resurrection Retires
The time has come to bid adieu to the Scroll of Resurrection. It’s served its divine purpose, but like most scrolls, it only has so many charges before it loses its magic and crumbles into ethereal dust. For those who’d still like a chance to use the scroll, you have until February 18 before players are no longer able to send invitations. For those who have an invitation outstanding, that’s still good for 30 days from the time it was sent, after which point the invitation will expire and the benefits can no longer be claimed.

For additional information on the Scroll of Resurrection, please visit our FAQ. 


Battle.Net Launcher Update
The Battle.Net Launcher was recently updated to add support for Warlords of Draenor.


         