chaud2014-06-13, 09:16 PMWarlords of Draenor Alpha Patch Notes Update - Jun 13
You can find a full version of the notes with more context on the Blue Post Tracker 
Itemization Changes
General

New secondary stats added:

Bonus Armor: Increases Armor and Attack Power for tanking specializations.



Hit and Expertise Removal
 Druid 

Balance of Power has been removed. A new level-100 talent with the same name has been added.


Secondary Stat Attunements
A new concept that we’re introducing is each specialization having an attunement to a particular secondary stat. These take the form of a passive ability that grants a 5% increase to the amount of a specific secondary stat gained. This provides a good starting point for where to focus your secondary stats. Usually, it will be your highest throughput stat not counting Spirit for Healers, and Bonus Armor for Tanks, which is an optimal secondary stat in most cases. There are exceptions, and raw throughput may not even be the biggest concern in some situations. Treat this as a guideline, not a rule, about which secondary stat to favor.


New passive abilities granting a 5% bonus to specific secondary stat bonuses received from equipped items have been added for all specializations.
 Death Knight 

Blood: Multistrike
Frost: Haste
Unholy: Multistrike


 Druid 

Balance: Mastery
Feral: Critical Strike
Guardian: Mastery
Restoration: Haste


 Hunter

Beast Mastery: Mastery
Marksmanship: Critical Strike
Survival: Multistrike


 Mage

Arcane: Mastery
Fire: Critical Strike
Frost: Multistrike


 Monk

Brewmaster: Critical Strike
Mistweaver: Multistrike
Windwalker: Multistrike


 Paladin 

Holy: Critical Strike
Protection: Haste
Retribution: Mastery


 Priest

Discipline: Critical Strike
Holy: Multistrike
Shadow: Haste


 Rogue 

Assassination: Mastery
Combat: Haste
Subtlety: Multistrike


 Shaman 

Elemental: Multistrike
Enhancement: Haste
Restoration: Mastery


 Warlock 

Affliction: Haste
Demonology: Mastery
Destruction: Critical Strike


 Warrior 

Arms: Mastery
Fury: Critical Strike
Protection: Mastery



Active Mana Regeneration Section Removed
Another part of the changes to healing is providing a way for them to better manage their mana. There are ways to spend more mana for more healing but we’re also adding methods for healers to trade extra time, healing, or more mana to use later in a fight when they really need it.

Druid

Innervate has been redesigned to now have a 2-second cast time with no cooldown, and restore 2.5% of the Druid's maximum mana every 4 seconds for 8 seconds. Spending any mana on a healing spell will cancel this effect.


Monk

Crackling Jade Lightning's channel duration has been reduced to 4 seconds.
Stance of the Wise Serpent now also causes Crackling Jade Lightning to cost no mana, and restore 2% of the Monk’s maximum mana if the ability is channeled for its full duration.


Paladin

Divine Plea has been redesigned to be instant cast ability with no cooldown, and consume 3 Holy Power to immediately regain 7% of the Paladin's maximum mana.


Priest

Atonement is no longer triggered by Penance.
Chakra: Chastise in addition to existing effects, now also causes Smite and Holy Fire to restore 0.75% of the Priest's maximum mana each time they are cast instead of costing mana.
Penance now also refunds 1.1% of the Priest’s maximum mana each time it deals damage.


Shaman

Telluric Currents is now a passive ability for Restoration Shaman and causes Lightning Bolt to restore 1.25% of the Shaman's maximum mana each time it is cast instead of costing mana.
Glyph of Telluric Currents has been removed.



Ability Pruning
We attempt to prune abilities with the intent to reduce the amount of keybind/macro bloat and merging abilities that served a similar purpose but are otherwise redundant together.


 Death Knight 

Blood Strike has been removed.
Dark Command is now only available to Blood Death Knights.
Necrotic Strike has been removed. is now learned only by Frost and Unholy Death Knights.


 Druid 

Barkskin is now available only to Guardian Druids, and no longer provides pushback protection, but its base cooldown has been reduced to 30 seconds.
Entangling Roots is now available only to Balance and Restoration Druids.
Faerie Fire is now available only to Feral and Guardian Druids.
Innervate has been removed again. is now available only to Restoration Druids. Mana costs for Druids have been adjusted accordingly.
Hibernate has been removed.
Hurricane is now available only to Balance and Restoration Druids.
Lacerate is now available only to Guardian Druids.
Leader of the Pack no longer restores Mana.

Mana regeneration for Feral and Guardian Druids has been increased by 100%.

Lifebloom can no longer stack. Its healing has been increased to compensate.
Maim is now available only to Feral Druids.
Maul is now available only to Guardian Druids.
Might of Ursoc is now available only to Guardian Druids, and no longer automatically activates Bear Form.
Moonfire is now available only to Balance and Restoration Druids.
Nature’s Grasp has been removed.
Nature’s Swiftness is now available only to Restoration Druids.
Nourish has been removed.
Omen of Clarity Feral now affects all Druid spells and abilities.
Owlkin Frenzy has been removed.
Rake is now only available to Feral Druids and also stuns the target for 4 seconds when used while stealthed.

Pounce has been removed. Abilities which modified Pounce now modify Rake instead.

Regrowth now has a duration of 12 seconds up from 6 second, but no longer refreshes itself on targets below 50% health.
Rejuvenation is no longer available to Guardian Druids.
Rip is now available only to Feral Druids.
Shred is now available to all Druid specializations and now deals an additional 35% damage in addition to having twice the normal chance to critically strike while stealthed. Additionally, both Shred and Mangle now naturally apply the Infected Wounds snare for Feral and Guardian Druids.

Infected Wounds has been removed.
Ravage has been removed. 

Skull Bash no longer increases the mana cost of the victim’s spells.
Swipe is now available only to Feral Druids, and is only usable in Cat Form. Swipe Bear Form has been removed. Swipe Cat Form remains unchanged.
Thick Hide has been removed.

Bear Form now increases armor by 330% for all Druid specializations. For Guardian Druids, it also naturally reduces magical damage taken by 25%, reduces physical damage taken by 12%, reduces the chance to be critically hit by 6%, and reduces the chance for attacks to be parried by 3%.

Track Humanoids has been removed.

Cat Form now naturally includes the ability to track humanoids.

Travel Form now automatically transitions between Aquatic, Land, and Flight versions, as is appropriate to the Druid’s location.

Glyph of the Stag now teaches the Druid a separate shapeshift ability, Stag Form. Stag Form will not switch between different Travel Forms, and allows the Druid to act as a mount for other players.



 Hunter

Aspect of the Cheetah and Aspect of the Pack now share a 10-second cooldown.
Frenzy has been removed.

Focus Fire now naturally grants the Hunter's pet the ability to gain Frenzy.

Go for the Throat has been removed.

Invigoration now also grants 15 Focus to the Hunter's pet from auto-shot Critical Strikes.

Scare Beast has been removed.
Serpent Sting, Improved Serpent Sting, and Viper Venom have been removed.

Serpent Spread has been renamed Serpent Sting, and remains as passive ability for Survival Hunters. It causes Multi-Shot and Arcane Shot to also apply the Serpent Sting poison, which does instant and periodic damage. Each time it deals damage, the Hunter receives 3 Focus, with a 3 second cooldown.


The Beast Within has been removed.

Bestial Wrath now naturally includes the effects of The Beast Within.


 Paladin 

Daybreak now heals all allies within 10 yards for 15% of Holy Shock's healing instead of 75%, split between each ally.
Divine Plea has been removed. is now only available to Holy Paladins. Mana costs for Paladins have been adjusted accordingly.
Judgments of the Bold has been removed.

Judgment is now naturally free for Holy Paladins, and naturally generates 1 Holy Power for Retribution Paladins.

Seal of Righteousness is no longer available to Holy Paladins.
Seal of Truth is no longer available to Holy Paladins.
Tower of Radiance has been removed.

Beacon of Light now naturally generates 1 Holy Power when healing the target of Beacon of Light with Flash of Light or Divine Light.



 Priest

Binding Heal is now only available to Holy Priests. no longer available to Shadow Priests.
Borrowed Time has been removed.
Dispersion and Vampiric Touch no longer restores mana.

Base mana regeneration rate for Shadow Priest has been increased by 200%, Shadow Word: Pain and Vampiric Touch mana costs have been reduced by 50% to compensate.


Divine Hymn now heals all party or raid members instead of a variable number depending on raid size. Its healing has been adjusted to compensate.
Evangelism is now available only to Discipline Priests and no longer affects the damage or mana cost of spells. Damage of affected spells have been adjusted to compensate.
Focused Will now triggers from any damage taken instead of being limited to being the victim of any damage above 5% of total health or being critically hit by non-periodic attacks.
Inner Focus has been removed. no longer provides any mana cost reduction.
Inner Will has been removed.
Lightwell’s healing effect is no longer canceled if the target takes enough damage.
Pain Suppression no longer reduces the target’s threat by 5%.
Shadowform no longer allows any healing spells to be cast but also no longer has a restriction on casting other Holy spells.
Spirit Shell has been removed.
Strength of Soul has been removed.
Train of Thought has been removed.
Vampiric Embrace now heals all party and raid members for 10% of damage done, and this healing is no longer split between targets up from 75% of damage done, split between targets.


 Rogue 

Blindside has been removed.

Dispatch now naturally has a chance to be made free and usable on any target when using Mutilate.

Cut to the Chase has been removed.

Envenom now naturally refreshes Slice and Dice.

Killing Spree no longer increases all damage done for the duration. Its damage has been increased to compensate.
Main Gauche now deals off-hand weapon damage. Its damage has been increased to compensate.
Master of Subtlety has been removed.

Stealth for Subtlety Rogues now also increases damage while stealthed, and for an additional 6 seconds after breaking stealth.

Safe Fall has been removed.

Fleet Footed now also reduces falling damage taken.

Shadow Walk has been removed.
Venomous Wounds no longer triggers from Garrote.


 Shaman 

Bind Elemental has been removed.
Burning Wrath has been removed.
Chain Heal is now available only to Restoration Shamans.
Chain Lightning is no longer available to Restoration Shamans.
Earth Shock is now available only to Elemental Shamans. Enhancement and Restoration Shamans should use Frost Shock in its place.
Earthliving Weapon has been removed.
Earthquake has been removed.
Elemental Focus has been removed.
Elemental Fury has been removed. Elemental Shamans now naturally have critical strike damage increased to 250% of normal damage.
Elemental Oath and Unleashed Rage have been removed.

Grace of Air now also provides 5% Haste to all party and raid members.

Flametongue Weapon and Windfury Weapon have been removed. is no longer available to Restoration Shaman, and only causes damage on weapon swings for Enhancement Shaman.

Enhanced Weapons is a new passive ability available to Enhancement Shamans, causing main-hand weapon attacks to have a chance to trigger 3 extra attacks, and off-hand weapon attacks to deal additional fire damage.
Lava Lash’s damage done is no longer increased by Flametongue Weapon, and its damage has been increased to compensate.

Flurry’s duration has been increased to 30 seconds.
Frost Shock no longer generates additional threat.
Healing Tide Totem now heals all party or raid members, but amount healed per target has been reduced to compensate.

Mana Tide Totem has been removed.

Restoration Shaman Mana costs have been adjusted to compensate.


Primal Wisdom has been removed.

Enhancement Shaman mana regeneration has been increased by 100% to compensate.

Rolling Thunder has been removed.

Elemental Shaman Mana regeneration has been increased by 50% to compensate.
Fulmination now causes Lightning Bolt and Chain Lightning damage and multistrike damage to always generate an additional Lightning Shield charge, up to a maximum of 15. Earth Shock will consume any charges beyond 1, dealing their total damage to the enemy target.


Shamanistic Rage no longer reduces Mana costs while active.
Spiritwalker’s Grace is no longer available to Enhancement Shaman.

Thunderstorm no longer regenerates Mana.
Totemic Recall has been removed.

Totems will no longer cause hostile creatures to enter combat with the Shaman based on proximity.


Unleashed Fury has been split into different versions based on specialization. It now modifies Unleash Elements for Enhancement, modifies Unleash Life for Restoration, and modifies Unleash Flame for Elemental.

Unleash Elements is now available only to Enhancement Shaman, and always provides the previous benefits of Unleash Elements with Windfury and Flametongue.
Unleash Flame has been made into a separate ability available only to Elemental Shaman, and always provides the previous benefits of Unleash Elements with Flametongue.
Unleash Life has been made into a separate ability available only to Restoration Shaman, and always provides the previous benefits of Unleash Elements with Earthliving.

Water Shield has been removed. is now available only to Restoration Shaman and replaces Lightning Shield.

Mana costs for Restoration Shaman have been adjusted to compensate.
Resurgence no longer requires Water Shield to be active.



Crowd Control and Diminishing Returns

 Shaman 

Hex’s cast time has been increased to 1.7 seconds.



Buffs and Debuffs
All specializations provide some common buffs and debuffs. These are important to the game because they encourage cooperation, make you stronger when you work together with others, and promote Raid composition diversity. However, we saw room to revise these buffs and debuffs. In addition to the above changes, we revised which buffs and debuffs are provided by Hunter pets. Please see the Hunter Pet Abilities section for a full list of changes.

Two new stats have been added that benefitted all players. Also added were three new debuffs Weakened Armor, Physical Vulnerability, and Magic Vulnerability that each benefitted only half of the group. While that could be interesting, the two physical debuffs were redundant, and felt that the two new stats would be better suited as raid buffs. So, we made that replacement.


Weakened Armor, Physical Vulnerability, and Magic Vulnerability

Physical Vulnerability increases physical damage taken by 5% up from 4%.
The following abilities no longer apply the Weakened Armor effect.
Death Knight Frost: Brittle Bones has been removed.
Death Knight Unholy: Ebon Plaguebringer no longer causes Physical Vulnerability.
Druid: Faerie Fire longer applies Weakened Armor. now applies Physical Vulnerability, increasing Physical damage taken by 5% for 30 seconds.
Hunter Pets: Tallstrider: Dust Cloud, Raptor: Tear Armor See the Hunter Pet Abilities section.
Paladin Retribution: Judgments of the Bold no longer causes Physical Vulnerability.
Rogue: Expose Armor no longer applies Weakened Armor.
Rogue: Master Poisoner has been removed.
Warlock: Curse of the Elements has been removed.
Warrior: Sunder Armor no longer applies Weakened Armor.
Warrior Arms, Fury: Colossus Smash no longer causes Physical Vulnerability.
Warrior Protection: Devastate no longer applies Weakened Armor.


Versatility

Death Knight Frost, Unholy: Unholy Aura now also provides 3% Versatility.
Druid: Mark of the Wild now also provides 3% Versatility.
Paladin Retribution: Sanctity Aura is a new passive ability for Retribution Paladins which grants 3% Versatility to the Paladin and all allies within 100 yards.
Warrior Arms, Fury: Inspiring Presence is a new passive ability for Arms and Fury Warriors which grants 3% Versatility to the Warrior and all allies within 100 yards.


Multistrike

Monk Windwalker: Windflurry is a new passive ability for Windwalker Monks which grants 5% Multistrike to the Monk and all allies within 100 yards.
Priest Shadow: Mind Quickening now also grants 5% Multistrike.
Rogue: Swiftblade’s Cunning now also grants 5% Multistrike.
Warlock: Dark Intent now grants 5% Multistrike instead of 10% Stamina.

Blood Pact is a new passive ability for Warlocks which grants 10% Stamina to the Monk and all allies within 10 yards.




Weakened Blows was a debuff that mattered almost exclusively to tanks, and that every tank automatically applied. We removed the debuff and reduced creature damage to compensate.

The following abilities have been removed.

Hunter Pets, Bear: Demoralizing Roar; Carrion Bird: Demoralizing Screech See the Hunter Pet Abilities section.


The Cast Speed Slow was a debuff type that mattered almost exclusively to PvP, and made combat much less fun for casters in addition to encouraging the use of instant-cast spells. We decided that it was best to remove casting speed debuffs. 

The following abilities have been removed.

Hunter Pets, Core Hound: Lava Breath; Fox: Tailspin; Goat: Trample; Sporebat: Spore Cloud See the Hunter Pet Abilities section.


As part of a push to combine the different types of Haste in the game as much as possible, we merged Spell Haste and Attack Speed into just Haste, which benefits everyone.


Spell Haste and Attack Speed

The following abilities now provide a 5% increase to melee, ranged, and spell Haste to all Party and Raid members previously they only increased spell Haste.

Druid Balance: Moonkin Form
Hunter Pet Sporebat: Energizing Spores See the Hunter Pet Abilities section.


The following Hunter pet abilities have been removed.

Hyena: Cackling Howl; Serpent: Serpent's Swiftness See the Hunter Pet Abilities section.



Some classes received new abilities to provide some of harder-to-find buffs/debuffs, increasing their utility to the Party or Raid.

Other 

The following abilities now also increase magic damage taken by the target by 5% for 15 seconds.

Monk Windwalker: Rising Sun Kick
Priest Shadow: Mind Blast




Instant Cast Heals
Over time, healers have gained a bigger and bigger arsenal of heals that they can cast while on the move, which removes the inherent cost that movement is intended to have for them, while also limiting players’ ability to counter healing in PvP. This left Silences and crowd control which we’re trying to curb as the only ways to actually limit an enemy player's healing output. We're still preserving the option to instantly heal, but are reducing the number of instant-cast healing abilities overall. Raid and dungeon encounter damage during high-movement phases will be adjusted accordingly. Here are some examples:

Priest

Divine Star now has a 1.5-second cast time up from instant cast, but can be cast while moving.


Tank Vengeance and Resolve
Then, to keep tank DPS meaningful, we'll be raising their damage, since it would be meager with no Vengeance Attack Power Vengeance accounted for 70-90% of a tank's damage on high-tank-damage fights in Mists. To do that, we're increasing the damage of several prominent tank abilities, as well as having tanks also gain increased Attack Power from Mastery and Bonus Armor, in addition to the stat’s existing benefits. For plate-wearing Tank specializations, Riposte has been redesigned to convert Critical Strike into Parry, a defensive stat. That also helps keep secondary stats balanced in offensive value for them.

General

Bladed Armor is a new passive ability for Blood Death Knights, Guardian Druids, Brewmaster Monks, Protection Paladins, and Protection Warriors.

Bladed Armor increases Attack Power by 100% of the character's Bonus Armor.




Tooltip Clarity
Being able to quickly understand what an ability does by glancing at the tooltip is of paramount importance to learn how to play with a given class or specialization. We’ve taken an extensive look at the tooltips for all class abilities, and revised them to be as clear and concise as possible.

In some rare cases, we’ve removed mention of niche information that we don’t think is needed. If that's the case, please note that a change to the ability's tooltip does not mean that functionality has changed. If the change in question is not mentioned in the Patch Notes, there has been no change to the ability.

Tooltips for nearly all class abilities have been revised for increased clarity.


Self-Sustainability
Another area of gameplay that we polished is how characters are able to sustain their own health, primarily when frequently killing enemies, such as in solo questing.

 Death Knight

Dark Succor is now a passive ability learned by all Death Knights at level 60 instead of being a glyph.


 Druid 

Healing Touch now heals for 50% more when cast on self for Balance Druids.
Predatory Swiftness now also increases the healing done by Healing Touch by 50%.


 Hunter

Kill Shot now heals the Hunter for 15% of maximum health if it kills the target.
Survivalist is a new passive ability learned by Survival Hunters at level 10:

Survivalist: After killing a target, the Hunter gains 15% health over 10 seconds.



 Monk

Afterlife now always summons a Healing Sphere when an enemy is killed.
Glyph of Afterlife has been removed.


 Paladin 

Supplication now also increases Flash of Light’s healing by 50%.


 Priest

Devouring Plague now heals for 2% of maximum health per tick up from 1%.


 Rogue

Recuperate now heals for 5% of maximum health per tick up from 3%.


 Shaman 

Maelstrom Weapon now also increases the direct healing of affected spells by 20% per application

Glyph of Healing Storm has been removed.


Elemental Focus now also triggers any time the Shaman lands a killing blow.


 Warrior

Victory Rush and Impending Victory now heals for 25% of maximum health up from 15%.


 Warlock 

Drain Life now heals for 1.5% of maximum health per tick up from 1.0%.
Harvest Life now increases the healing from Drain Life to 3% of maximum health per tick up from 2.5%.



Glyphs
At level 25, the following Glyphs are automatically learned by characters of the appropriate class:

Afterlife, Victory Roll, Healing Storm, Frost Shock


At level 60, the following Glyphs are automatically learned by characters of the appropriate class:

Dark Succor, Shifting Presences


Class Changes

 Death Knight 

Rune Tap now grants an absorption shield equal to 30% of your missing health. It also now has 2 charges, with a 30-second recharge time.


 Druid
The loss of Symbiosis see Ability Pruning above will primarily impact druids’ survival, as many of the abilities received through Symbiosis were defensive cooldowns. To compensate for that change, and for the removal of Barkskin for non-Guardian Druids, we buffed Survival Instincts significantly and the ability is now available for all specializations.

Survival Instincts is now available to all Druid specializations. Survival Instincts now reduces damage taken by 70% up from 50% with a 2-minute cooldown down from 3 minutes, and for Feral and Guardian specializations can have up to 2 charges up from 1 charge.


Guardian Changes

Mangle now generates 30 Rage, and its cooldown is reduced by Haste.


Feral Changes
Feral Druids received one major change, and few tweaks beyond what's been mentioned above in Ability Pruning and Facing Requirements. Combo Points are now stored "on the player", meaning that when you switch targets, any accumulated Combo Points remain with you. Pounce was buffed significantly, in order to bring it up to par with Ravage. Primal Fury was changed to let it affect area attacks as well. Critical strike chance of Ferocious Bite was changed in order to increase the value of Critical Strike. Glyph of Savage Roar was reworked to better achieve its intended effect.


Mangle now generates 15 Rage up from 5 Rage, and its cooldown is reduced by Haste.
Pounce's damage has been increased by 100%.
Ferocious Bite now has double the normal chance to critically strike against bleeding targets instead of having an additional 25% chance to critically strike.


Balance Rebalanced

Balance Energy system has been redesigned. Balance Energy is a bar that cycles back and forth between Lunar and Solar sides, like night and day, with a 40 second cycle time from Lunar to Solar and back to Lunar.
Moonfire now has a base duration of 20 seconds up from 14 seconds, but is no longer extended by Starfire and Starsurge critical strikes.
Sunfire now has a base duration of 20 seconds up from 14 seconds, but is no longer extended by Wrath and Starsurge critical strikes. Additionally, Sunfire is no longer its own spell. Sunfire replaces Moonfire on the action bar whenever Balance Energy is on the Solar side. Enemies may still suffer from both Moonfire and Sunfire’s periodic damage components simultaneously.
Shooting Stars now adds 1 full charge of Starsurge and Starfall when it triggers, and now has a 5% chance to trigger when the most recent Moonfire or and Sunfire deals periodic damage. This chance is doubled on critical strikes.
Celestial Alignment has been redesigned.

Celestial Alignment causes the Druid to enter Celestial Alignment, a state where Balance Energy cycle is paused, all damage done is increased by 20%, and all Lunar and Solar spells benefit from the maximum Eclipse bonus. While in Celestial Alignment, Moonfire and Sunfire will also apply the other spell’s periodic damage effect. Lasts 15 seconds with a 3 minute cooldown.

Euphoria has been removed. A new level-100 talent with the same name has been added.
Equinox has been replaced with a new talent, Balance of Power.

Balance of Power causes Wrath to extend the duration of Sunfire by 4 seconds and Starfire to extend the duration of Moonfire by 6 seconds.

Sunfall has been replaced with a new talent, Euphoria.

Euphoria grants the Druid a deeper connection to the stars, causing Balance Energy to cycle 50% faster. Additionally, Lunar and Solar Empowerments also reduce the cast time of affected spells by 20%.

Several Glyphs and Draenor Perks will be redesigned in a future build, and so are currently TBD.

Glyph of Omens
Glyph of Sudden Eclipse
Empowered Starfall
Enhanced Mushrooms
Enhanced Starsurge
Enhanced Storms



Restoration Changes
Genesis and Wild Mushroom: Bloom fill a similar need for burst healing, so Wild Mushroom: Bloom has been removed, leaving Wild Mushroom to focus on the Efflorescence effect.


Genesis has been redesigned.

Genesis now consumes all of the Druid's Rejuvenation effects on party or raid members within 60 yards and applies the Genesis effect to them instead. Genesis heals the target for an amount equal to the remaining healing from the consumed Rejuvenation effects over 3 seconds. Healing from Genesis counts toward Wild Mushroom as if it was from Rejuvenation.

Wild Mushroom Restoration now has a 30-second cooldown, lasts for 30 seconds, provides periodic healing to nearby allies, and no longer collects Rejuvenation overhealing.

Wild Mushroom: Bloom has been removed.
Swiftmend no longer causes Efflorescence.

Swiftmend no longer causes Efflorescence. Instead, Wild Mushroom Restoration now causes Efflorescence to appear at the mushroom’s location.


And the Druid changes are capped off by merging Glyph of Stampede's effects into Glyph of Stampeding Roar.

Glyph of Stampede has been removed. Its effects have been merged into Glyph of Stampeding Roar.


 Hunter

Burst Damage Cooldowns
Each specialization received a revision to the burst-damage-cooldowns that they have access to. All specializations now have one burst-damage-cooldown available baseline, and can add to that through talent choices.

Beast Mastery Hunters retain Bestial Wrath. Rapid Fire is a good fit for Marksmanship, and we improved it. Survival opts to focus on sustained damage without burst cooldowns. However, if the situation calls for a burst-damage-cooldown, there are a few available via talents. we wanted to both increase the prominence of their traps, and give them a new damage cooldown. So, a new trap called Bear Trap has been created to fit that role. Note that Bear Trap's base cooldown can be reduced by other passive abilities and perks, such that it has roughly a 2 minute-cooldown afterwards.


Bear Trap is a new ability for Survival Hunters.


Bear Trap places a trap with duration of 1 minute that immobilizes the first enemy that triggers it for 8 seconds and deals heavy bleed damage over 20 seconds. Damage from other sources may break the immobilization effect. The ability has a 4 minute cooldown.



Hunter Pet Abilities

Increased Multistrike buff Magic Damage Taken debuff: Basilisk, Bat, Chimaera, Core Hound, Dragonhawk, Fox, Rhino, Wind Serpent
Increased Versatility buff Physical Damage Taken debuff: Bird of Prey, Boar, Porcupine, Ravager, Rhino, Worm
An ability that increases dodge chance of the pet by 30% for 10 seconds: Bat, Fox, Monkey



 Mage 
Presence of Mind was extremely strong for instant CC, which we wanted to curtail. Rather than completely remove Presence of Mind or make it not affect CC abilities, we made it a base Arcane spell, where we don't expect that it will be a problem, since Arcane has less CC than the other Mage specs already. In its place, we've added a new talent, Evanesce. It may seem out of place on a movement-focused talent row at first. In practice, we expect that the similarity will bear out as Mages use it instead of moving away from avoidable damage.

The right level-75 Talent slot is now filled by a new Talent that varies by specialization. 

Blast Wave: Cause an explosion of fiery force around the target enemy or ally, dealing Fire damage to all enemies within 8 yards, and dazing them, reducing their movement speed by 70% for 4 seconds. If the primary target is an enemy, they take 100% increased damage. Replaces Frost Nova. Instant cast ability with a 25-second cooldown and 2 charges.
Ice Nova: Cause a whirl of icy wind around the target enemy or ally, dealing Frost damage to all enemies within 8 yards, and freezing them for 4 seconds. If the primary target is an enemy, they take 100% increased damage. Replaces Frost Nova. Instant cast ability with a 20-second cooldown and 2 charges.
Supernova: Cause a pulse of Arcane energy around the target enemy or ally, dealing Arcane damage to all enemies within 8 yards, and knocking them into the air. If the primary target is an enemy, they take 100% increased damage. Replaces Frost Nova. Instant cast ability with a 25-second cooldown and 2 charges.


 Monk

Mistweaver Changes

Crackling Jade Lightning's throughput has been increased by 100%, but it no longer generates Chi for Mistweaver Monks. Additionally, it is free in Stance of the Wise Serpent.


 Paladin

Holy Changes
We adjusted the critical strike chance of Holy Shock, to increase the value of Critical Strike for Holy Paladins.


Holy Shock now has twice the normal chance to critically strike instead of having an additional 25% chance to critically strike.


Miscellaneous
We also revised how Eternal Flame interacts with Holy Power, and allowed it to once again trigger Illuminated Healing. One big change for Retribution that isn't mentioned here is the removal of Inquisition see Ability Pruning, which will have a notable effect on their rotation.


Eternal Flame’s periodic healing effect has been changed. Its duration now scales with Holy Power, instead of its healing. Its effect at 3 Holy Power remains unchanged.
Illuminated Healing can once again be triggered by Eternal Flame.


 Priest

Level-90 Talents and Atonement
To get back to a balanced place, we've reapplied the AoE caps to the level-90 Talents, making them consistent with all other AoE heals, and reduced their effectiveness across the board. We’ve compensated for this in the tuning of Priest baseline heals.

Holy Changes

Chakra: Chastise no longer grants a chance for Smite to reset Holy Word: Chastise’s cooldown.


Shadow Changes
The cooldown of Mind Blast has also been adjusted to make Haste more valuable for Shadow, and removes Haste breakpoints.

Mind Blast’s cooldown is now reduced by haste, but its base cooldown is now 9 seconds up from 8 seconds.


Talent Revisions
Several talents were split into different versions by specialization. We revised the effectiveness of some of these talents to better balance talent choices on their row. We also swapped the Level-15 and Level-60 talent rows so players are presented with core Priest themed abilities earlier in the leveling process.

Divine Insight’s effects have been split based on specialization.
From Darkness, Comes Light has been split into Surge of Light for Discipline and Holy, and Surge of Darkness for Shadow for Shadow.

Surge of Darkness now has a maximum of 3 charges up from 2.

Power Infusion now grants 25% Haste up from 20%, but no longer increases damage down from 5%.


Miscellaneous
We removed the Mana generation from Shadowfiend, in order to simplify it to being a burst-damage-cooldown. 


Inner Focus: No longer provides immunity to Dispels, Interrupts, and Silences. This effect will be returning as a Major Glyph.


 Shaman

Elemental and Enhancement Changes

Earthquake damage has been increased by 36%.
Frost Shock’s damage has been reduced by 50%.
Magma Totem’s damage has been increased by 100%.
Unleash Frost no longer deals direct damage, but now always snares the target by 70% rather than only when the target is already snared by a Frost spell.


 Warrior 

Burst Damage Cooldowns

Heroic Throw is now a high-threat ability, generating 300% extra threat, has a 6-second cooldown down from 30 seconds, but now has a 15 yard minimum range.


Haste for Warriors

Sudden Death can no longer trigger from Opportunity Strikes.


Talent Changes
We adjusted the effects of a few talents in order to make them more competitive with the talents on their row.

Bladestorm is now a level-90 Talent, swapping places with Stormbolt. 

Bladestorm no longer allows use of Shouts except Demoralizing Shout while active. It does still allow the use of Taunt, Enraged Regeneration, Shield Wall, and Last Stand.


Dragon Roar’s damage is no longer reduced when hitting more than 1 target. 
Mass Spell Reflection’s cooldown has been reduced to 30 seconds, but it now replaces Spell Reflection.



Recent Bloody Coins Hotfixes
When we were developing the Timeless Isle, we wanted to add some incentive for players to engage in world PvP independently of faction balance. To that end, we created the Censer of Eternal Agony and Bloody Coin mechanic. This created a “third faction” of sorts on the Isle, and brought an extra element of danger to players adventuring there. 

We’re happy with how that worked out when Patch 5.4 released, but as time has passed, the general atmosphere of the Timeless Isle has changed. The majority of players who venture there today are either gearing up alts, or chasing after rare drops. As a result, we feel that it’s time to let the sun set on the Censer of Eternal Agony, and have increased its cooldown to 1 hour. Players who want to use it for its original purpose still can, but it will be a much larger setback when they’re defeated in battle. 

That said, we still want players to be able to collect Bloody Coins and the rewards that come with them, so we’re making some adjustments to the Fire-Watcher’s Oath item, which can now be purchased from Speaker Gulan for 100 Timeless Coins. The Fire-Watcher’s Oath allows the collection of Bloody Coins from PvP kills, doesn’t change your faction, and it can be used anywhere – including Battlegrounds. We’ve reduced its cooldown to 10 minutes which matches its duration, removed the mounting restrictions, and have dramatically increased the ability to earn coins from PvP kills while it’s active. We want players interested in earning Bloody Coins to seek them out in a Battleground with use of the Fire-Watcher’s Oath. 

Overall, we feel that these changes will not only make the Timeless Isle more attractive to players interested in its rewards, but will also give players collecting Bloody Coins a better way to earn them. We’re monitoring your feedback, and will continue to make adjustments as necessary.