chaud2014-08-14, 11:56 PMUpdate: The Digital Deluxe edition will also have Hearthstone card backs.

Explore the Warlords of Draenor Collector’s Edition
Want to level up your Warlords of Draenor experience? Take a look inside the Collector’s Edition, which contains a host of rare and commemorative items to aid your epic struggle against the might of the Iron Horde.

Check with your local retailer for additional details and availability—and if you’re hoping to score a copy, be sure to lock in your preorder soon, because supplies are limited.


  

The Warlords of Draenor Collector’s Edition includes:


World of Warcraft: Warlords of Draenor — Get the full version of Warlords of Draenor on DVD-ROM.
Behind-the-Scenes DVD and Blu-ray Two-Disc Set — Meet the development team behind the creation of Draenor and its savage warlords. This two-disc set includes over an hour of creators’ commentary, insider interviews, and developer roundtables.
Collector’s Edition Soundtrack — Immerse yourself in the sounds of war with the complete Warlords of Draenor orchestral soundtrack on CD.
The Art of Warlords of Draenor — Witness the visual evolution of the expansion in this beautifully bound tome of exclusive Warlord of Draenor art. Through 160 pages of concept pieces, finished illustrations, and CG images, you'll delve into the art team’s vision for a Draenor under siege by the apocalyptic threat of the Iron Horde.
Blackhand Mouse Pad — Arm yourself with a special-edition mouse pad emblazoned with the deadly warlord Blackhand.
Epic In-Game Content

World of Warcraft Dread Raven Mount and Dread Hatchling Pet — Descend from the skies on the back of a black-winged Dread Raven mount, a mortal progeny of Anzu. Then devour your prey in your next pet battle with the adorably ferocious Dread Hatchling.
StarCraft II Portraits — Summon the strength of two deadly Iron Horde war chiefs—Grommash Hellscream and Blackhand—as you take on the Dominion with these two StarCraft II portraits.
Diablo III Warsong Pennant — Don this battle-worn pennant and channel the rage of the Warsong Clan against the demonic forces of Sanctuary.
Hearthstone Card Back — Your adventures in Draenor will be the talk of the tavern after outfitting your champion’s deck with this custom card back forged in the fires of Blackrock.


Remember, one character boost to level 90  is included in the Collector’s Edition, retail and digital standard editions, and Digital Deluxe Edition of the Warlords of Draenor expansion. For more information on the content and features, check out our Warlords of Draenor web page 


Warlords of Draenor Collectors Edition on Sale Now
The US version of the Collector's Edition is now being sold for $90 on Amazon.


  


Warlords of Draenor Box Art
Amazon also has nice high res versions of the Warlords of Draenor Box Art.


   