chaud2014-08-28, 12:28 AMWarlords of Draenor Beta Patch Notes Update - August 27
Racial Traits

Pandaren

Epicurean now increases the benefit of Well Fed effects by 75% down from 100%.



Crowd Control and Diminishing Returns

 Druid

Typhoon  now has a range of 15 yards down from 30 yards.


 Hunter

Wyvern Sting  now has a 1.5 second cast time.


 Priest

Silence  is now available to Discipline and Shadow Priests.


 Rogue

Deadly Throw  now requires 5 Combo Points in order to interrupt spell casting up from 3 Combo Points.


 Warrior

Safeguard  no longer removes movement-impairing effects.



Class Changes

 Death Knight 
Ability Consolidation and Refinement

Pillar of Frost  now increases Strength by 15% down from 20%.


Frost Changes

Icy Talons  now increases attack speed by 20% 35% down from 45%, and haste by 5% up from 0%.
Might of the Frozen Wastes  now increases the damage of Obliterate  by 50% up from 40% and melee damage by 35% up from 30% while wielding a two-handed weapon, and increases the damage of Frost Strike  by 50% up from 35% while dual-wielding.
Razorice now deals 4% additional weapon damage up from 2%, and increases Frost damage by 2% 4% per stack down up from 3%.


Blood Changes

Improved Blood Presence  now increases all damage dealt by 15% 20%, instead of increasing rune regeneration rate.
Veteran of the Third War  now increases your critical strike chance, Multistrike chance, haste, and Stamina by 10% up from 9% to Stamina only, reduces the chance for attacks to be parried by 3%, increases the damage of Death Strike  by 100%, and grants 1 Runic Power per second while in combat.


Miscellaneous

Conversion  no longer has an initial tick, and now costs 30 15 Runic Power/second for Blood, 10 Runic Power/second for Frost, and 20 Runic Power/second for Unholy.


 Druid
Ability Consolidation and Refinement

Barkskin  no longer provides pushback protection, but its cooldown has been reduced to 30 seconds.


Talents

Nature’s Vigil, while active, increases single-target damage and healing caused by healing spells by 30% up from 25%, and all single-target damage spells also heal a nearby friendly target for 40% of the damage done up from 25%. Its healing now targets allies within 40 yards of the Druid instead of within 40 yards of the target.


 Hunter
Ability Consolidation and Refinement

Cobra Strikes  now has a 20% chance to trigger up from a 15% chance, but now only grants 1 charge each time it triggers down from 2 charges.
Lock and Load  effects have been incorporated into Black Arrow 
Black Arrow ’s cooldown is reset if it is dispelled.


Rotation Depth and Talents
We’ve changed the combat rotations of each Hunter specialization primarily through Ability Pruning with the goal of them being a platform to build upon with talents. To facilitate this, we’ve modified several talents to add additional rotational depth. Hunters had many talent options which added abilities to their rotation, but most of them had quite simple usage, with little interaction with your rotation or other abilities. Now, there should be more of a variety; still some simple talents, but also some talents that create a more engaging combat rotation.

Barrage  now has a 20 second cooldown down from 30 seconds, costs 60 Focus up from 30 Focus, and its damage has been increased by 100%.
Murder of Crows has been changed. Its duration, cost, and cooldown have been reduced by 50%. It no longer has a shorter cooldown when used on low health targets. Instead, its cooldown is reset if the target dies.
Fervor  has been replaced with a new passive ability, Steady Focus 

Steady Focus  increases Focus Regeneration by 50% for 10 seconds after using Cobra Shot  or Steady Shot  twice in a row, or after using Focusing Shot.


Survival Changes
Apart from rotational changes through Ability Pruning, changes for Survival Hunters mostly center on Lock and Load  We changed how Lock and Load  is triggered to increase the value of Multistrike, provide gameplay depth and the ability to pool damage more. Also note the new passive ability, Survivalist, which increases multistrike chance by 10%, in order to give Survival Hunters some baseline Multistrike chance.

Line moved to Ability Consolidation and Refinement. Black Arrow  now deals 60% more damage, inflicts Shadow damage every 3 seconds up from every 2 seconds, has a duration of 18 seconds down from 20 seconds, and triggers Lock and Load  on Multistrike hits.
Line moved to Ability Consolidation and Refinement Lock and Load  effects have been incorporated into Black Arrow  and have been redesigned.

Lock and Load  now causes the next Explosive Shot  to not trigger its cooldown, but no longer causes it to be free or reset the ability's current cooldown. This effect can stack up to 5 times.

Survivalist is a new passive ability learned by Survival Hunters at level 10.

Survivalist increases Multistrike damage by 20% the chance to Multistrike by 10%, and causes the Hunter to gain 15% health over 10 seconds after killing a target.


 Mage
Ability Consolidation and Refinement

Frostbolt  can no longer be used to heal the Mage's Water Elemental.


Frost Changes

The Brain Freeze  effect now increases Frostfire Bolt  damage by 25% 15%, and can now stack up to 2 times. It also no longer triggers from the Bomb Talents, and instead has a 10% chance to trigger from Frostbolt  casts. Each Multistrike of Frostbolt  increases that cast's chance by an additional 25%. Total of 60% on double-Multistrikes.


 Monk
Ability Consolidation and Refinement

Power Strikes  now triggers every 15 seconds up from every 20 seconds, and also triggers from Surging Mist  for Mistweavers only, but no longer triggers from Crackling Jade Lightning  


 Paladin 
Ability Consolidation and Refinement

Selfless Healer  no longer causes Bastion of Glory to apply to Flash of Light  For Holy Paladins, it now increases the healing of Flash of Light  on others by 35% per stack up from 20%. For Retribution and Protection Paladins, the effect on Flash of Light  remains unchanged.
Moved to Holy Changes Tower of Radiance ’s effects have been merged into baseline Beacon of Light 


Holy Changes

Beacon of Light  now has a small Mana cost.
Tower of Radiance ’s effects have been changed and merged into baseline Beacon of Light 

Tower of Radiance  now causes Flash of Light  and Holy Light  on a Beacon of Light  target to refund 40% of the spell’s Mana cost instead of generating 1 Holy Power.


 Priest
Ability Consolidation and Refinement

Shadow Word: Pain ’s initial damage is now considered direct damage, not periodic damage.

Shadowy Apparitions  and Shadowy Insight are no longer able to trigger from this initial direct damage.



Holy Changes

Divine Providence is a new passive ability for Holy Priests.

Divine Providence increases the amount of the Multistrike stat gains from all sources by 5%, and increases the damage and healing of Multistrikes by 20% 25%.



 Rogue 
Combat Changes

Revealing Strike  now grants Sinister Strike  a 25% chance to generate an extra Combo Point up from 20% deals 20% more damage, but no longer advances Bandit's Guile 


 Shaman 
Ability Consolidation and Refinement

Rolling Thunder  has been removed.

Fulmination  now causes Elemental Blast , Lightning Bolt , and Chain Lightning  damage and multistrike damage to always generate an additional Lightning Shield  charge, up to a maximum of 15. Earth Shock  will consume any charges beyond 1, dealing their total damage to the enemy target.



Elemental and Enhancement Changes

Magma Totem ’s damage has been increased by 100%, and now ticks faster with Haste.
Maelstrom Weapon ’s chance to trigger has been reduced by 20%.
Searing Totem  Searing Bolt now has a 2-second cast time up from 1.5 seconds, but casts faster with Haste, and its damage has been increased by 120% 65%.
Shamanism  no longer reduces the cast time of Chain Lightning , but instead now increases the damage of Chain Lightning  by 100% up from 70%.


 Warlock 
Raid Utility

Healthstone's cooldown will now not reset until the player leaves combat. Healing from this ability is now a flat amount instead of a % of maximum health and can no longer be a Critical Effect.


Affliction Changes

Haunt  now increases periodic damage by 30% down from 35%.


Demonology Changes
We also tweaked the design of Master Demonologist, in order to solve some edge cases, and simplify and clarify its effects.

Mastery: Master Demonologist  has been slightly changed. It now passively increases all damage by 6% regardless of form. While in Metamorphosis , it further increases the damage of Touch of Chaos , Chaos Wave, Doom, Immolation Aura, and Soul Fire  while by 12%. 


 Warrior
Ability Consolidation and Refinement

Crazed Berserker  now increases all damage by 30% up from 20% while using one-handed weapons.
Seasoned Soldier  now increases damage by 10% down from 15%.


Talent Changes

Staggering Shout  has been removed and replaced with 3 new talents that vary by specialization.

Protection: Heavy Repercussions: Shield Slam  deals 50% additional damage while Shield Block  or Shield Charge is active.


Enrage and Deep Wounds
With the introduction of one of the level-100 Warrior Talents, which deals Fire damage, We also expanded Enrage  to affect all damage, not just Physical damage, and increased its duration slightly so that it can cover burst windows like Colossus Smash  adequately. We're also making a change to the design of Deep Wounds , to try to limit is effectiveness in PvP, without hurting its effectiveness in PvE. 



Blizzard at PAX Prime - August 29 to Sept 1 2014
If you’re heading out to PAX Prime this weekend, we’d love for you to come by and check out all of the action.

PAX attendees should prepare themselves for 4 epic days of portal storming, card slinging, and Hero playing awesomeness as this year’s booth will feature all-new builds for our most recent and upcoming games, hands-on time at demo stations, and awesome giveaways including a *limited quantity of PAX Prime exclusive pins. Pinny Arcade  enthusiasts will be happy to learn that they could collect either the exclusive Elite Tauren Chieftain pin for playing Heroes of the Storm or the Iron Horde symbol for playing the Warlords of Draenor beta while visiting the booth. 

What: Hosted annually in Seattle, PAX Prime is a celebration of gaming culture and community

Where: The Washington State Convention Center booth #352 of the Expo Hall

When: August 29- September 1


  

Come and Play
As an attendee, here’s a taste of what you can expect at this year’s Blizzard booth:

Warlords of Draenor  hands-on with the live beta featuring updated character models and the intro experience for the upcoming expansion.
A chance to find out what’s in the cards for Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft , and experience all of the fun of epic card-slinging duels on the PC. 
Attendees will have the opportunity to play a brand-new demo for Heroes of the Storm , and be among the first to try out three exciting new heroes! New to the game or eager for some clutch tips? The Heroes Community Team will be on-hand to help get you up to speed and ready to brawl!
Blizzard developers will be on-hand to chat about your favorite games.
And did we mention there will be giveaways, prizes, and more? If not . . . there will be giveaways, prizes, and more!


Be sure to check the prime.paxsite.com  for the schedule, hotel and travel information, forums, and more. If you have an iPhone , Android , BlackBerry , or Windows 7  smart phone, you can also download the official PAX Prime 2014 app from Guidebook for free.

We’re looking forward to a great PAX Prime 2014 and can’t wait to see everyone there!

*Pins are available while supplies last to those who visit the booth and play either Heroes of the Storm or Warlords of Draenor.


Blue Tweets
Classes
 Hunter Forums  / Skills  / WoD Talent Calculator 
.Well we all want to hear it. MM thoughts/impressions?
.I was pleasantly surprised, actually. The Bombardment weaving, Thrill of the Hunt, and Kill Shots added more than I expected. Celestalon 
You seem to be the only person positive about MM in WoD. Why can't I find any positive reviews about MM changes ?
As a player, I had fun, but I'm coming into it from a very different perspective. Both mine and your perspectives... Celestalon 
...are valid and valuable. Mine=inexperienced playing it, at least recently, and yours=very experienced playing it Celestalon 
As a *developer* however, those are both perspectives that we need to try to satisfy, and we totally understand... Celestalon 
...your point of view, and are looking at ways to satisfy both, better. Celestalon 

are you guys gonna do another pass on talents? I think some hunter talents could use some work.
Unlikely at this stage that talents will be redesigned, but they will definitely be tuned. holinka 

How come the extra 5 yards and camo not breaking for 6 sec was scrapped from MM and Surv? I thought those was really cool perks.
Range was replaced with Sniper Training. Camo was too strong/frustrating, so was cut. Celestalon 

 Monk Forums  / Skills  / WoD Talent Calculator 
so this supposed healer balance patch ignored MW ENTIRELY. Reason behind ignoring in this round of tuning? MW needs help BAD
False. Enveloping down 30%, Uplift up 30%, ChEx down 10%, ChiBrew down 1 tea, Jab cost up 8%, Emin up 43%, Pool Renews up 15%, Celestalon 
Wait, Uplift got buffed 30%? Don't see that reflected in any patch notes or data mining. I see the rest of them.
Well it wouldn't be in patch notes. Double checked, looks like those two changes are actually in next build, not last. Celestalon 

Character / Items
hey watcher. You tweeted me months ago about account wide tabards. no updates still?
It's something that will likely accompany a transmog revamp/UI since it's a very similar sort of system cosmetic appearance. WatcherDev 

I'll never give up. - This .39% DR and .72% Damage bonus is really terrible as a 4 set...
.The PvP set bonuses with Versatility are completely not tuned. They'll probably end up in the 10% range. holinka 

PvP
Will there ever be an implementation of RBGs at BlizzCon? In example, a booth where some of the top RBG teams can Vs. One another?
Not this Blizzcon. Something to think about for the future perhaps. holinka 

Something we're exploring in an upcoming build: Discipline gets Silence baseline. We expect mixed reactions. Please try it on beta. holinka 
Not much help against mele specs, i think baseline fear still in need.
Warriors and Rogues, no. Ret and DK, yes. Monk and Enhance to a small extent. holinka 

Misc
how do you feel about ghostcrawlers comment about working on Wow? 
Different games have different goals. The best designers align their work with those goals...and Greg is one of the best. holinka 


Fan Art Update
The World of Warcraft Fan Art Section  has been updated with one new piece of fan artwork.


         