molster2014-12-07, 07:10 PMUpdate 3:14 PST - FinalBossTV's Interview has finished, and we have added a roundup! Please make sure to check out the full video!

FinalBossTV Developer Interview 
the FinalBossTV Interview  with on Ion Hazzikostas and Kris Zeirhut has finished! We strongly recommend watching the VOD  for more details on your class. If you are unable to view the VOD  we have a roundup below!

General

Server engineers would go home and sleep for 5-6 hours in the middle of the day, and then head right back to work at launch.
A lot of problems were because particular servers had a large population of players who had quit during TBC or Wrath come back and inflate that server’s population to extreme levels.
They are fine with the speed at which people are getting gear from garrison missions.
Getting a new garrison raid mission is not based on the success or failure of a previous one.
They want to go back and add data for older raids to the dungeon journal but it’s not a high priority.
They will look into making  Admiral Taylor's Greatsword  transmoggable.



Items and Itemization

They are happy with how warforged gear works at all levels, including mythic loot.
They are probably going a larger gear gap between raid tiers compared to the past.
Due to the exponential curve of power, there will be another item level squish in the future, but it “is a few years out”.
They know the  Everburning Candle  is over budget, but they are fine with this for now. If they had this conversation 2 months ago, they would probably say “yep, it needs a nerf” but now that it is out there and people have spent lots of gold on it, they don’t feel they should nerf it.



Graphics

They want to do a graphics update in the future to make it so that spell effects don’t all go to the exact same point on the body’s model and instead spread out.
They feel the need to increase the graphics quality with each expansion in some way, even if it is a 10-year-old game.
They feel that improvements could be made reduce to melee clutter from pets, such as making the Fire Elemental into a ranged guardian that still did the same damage.
They have a plan to “fix” toys for druids so you can see transformation items/buffs outside of PvP. Mounted shapeshifts will still take the highest priority.



Class Changes

General Information

Some class balance changes will go live sometime tomorrow, with number changes around 5% where needed.
There are only a few specs like Marksmanship Hunters and Windwalker Monks that are pulling a little too far ahead than the others.
When a spec is top on both movement and stationary fights, they usually need to take a look at the spec.
Everyone should be fairly equal in single target, although may still have niches stationary vs movement. Once you get beyond single target, some might be good at cleave 2-3, some mass AoE, some burst AoE, etc.
When there was 70% overhealing, absorbs felt more important. Now that overhealing is getting smaller and will get even smaller in mythic absorbs are starting to get where they feel just right.
They like that all the healers have different strengths and weaknesses.
They don’t expect there to be class mechanic changes in 6.1 or even 6.2 unless there is a large problem.
They feel the pruning in a lot of classes is not complete. It will take them a while to get all the classes cleaned up. Shaman still feels like it has too many damage sources. You won't see these in the 6.1 or 6.2 timeframe however.



Talents

Level 100 talents in general are have some serious balance issues compared against each other.
They do think the level 100 talents that are underperforming but fun should get a buff in 6.1 or 6.2
For talents that people do not think are fun, they may just leave them alone for now and completely replace them next expansion



Warriors

They don’t want warriors to feel they hit like “wet noodles” until the execute phase. If they end up feeling like this on fights, they will look into it. 
Gladiator was a little too high for single target. It was out performing the other single target.
Gladiator should still be close to the same single target dps, but not have the same toolkit as the other specs.
Arms and Fury will be brought up. They want to make sure Arms and Fury are doing the same single target as Gladiator. They don’t want to force people away from Arms and Fury to Gladiator based on DPS.
If people are not using Shield Barrier  at any level of play, they will give it another look.



Shamans 

Healers are pretty close on performance. Resto Shaman is probably a little low, they should get a little bump.
DPS shaman are probably on the low side and may get a small buff.
Fire Nova  is possibly still too strong.



Monks

Challenge Modes revealed that Mistweaver Monks were a little low, which is the reason for the recent buffs.
They have no performance tweaks in mind for Mistweaver Monks.



Death Knights

They feel Blood Death Knights are using their magic too much and aren’t using their weapon enough. They need to make them use their strikes again, but it likely won’t be in the immediate future.


Mages

Fire and Arcane mages are pretty low. Frost is better but still on the low side. They want to make sure each spec is viable.
They are happy with Rune of Power  However if you feel forced into it, they want to make sure there are other options.



Paladins

Beacon of Faith  for Holy Paladins feels mandatory, and they think the other two talents need to be brought up to the same level.
Empowered Seals  will be looked at in 6.1 along with the rest of the level 100 talents, and they will adjust it if it is too low or too high.



Priests

Shadow Priest’s Clarity of Power  is another example of the other talent options needing to be buffed to be more in line.
Shadow Priests should be about multi-dotting when it comes to AoE. The amount that they can buff Mind Sear  is limited because it can’t outpace Mind Flay  in single target.



Warlocks

The devs are still looking at Rain of Fire  and what it has done for warlock specs. They weren't happy with Rain of Fire being used as a core part of a single target rotation. In hindsight, they would have handled the hotfix differently, especially the suddenness of it.



Rogues

They don’t see any data that shows Rogues need changes at this time. They feel Rogues might still be dealing with the changes to combo points, and think that Rogues are pretty well represented across their specs.


Hunters
If Hunter stacking becomes an issue in Mythic raids, they can nerf Aspect of the Fox or even remove it. It was added mainly because it was felt that Marksmanship Hunters didn't bring enough raid utility.




Convert to Raid Developer Interview 
Convert to Raid  had an Interview with Ion Hazzikostas & Kris Zeirhut today. We have created a recap that you can check out below if you are not able to view the VOD! 

Patch 6.1
The development team did not know there would not be flying for 6.1.
New flightpaths and changes to them have been confirmed for 6.1.
The new Blood Elf models will be available for 6.1.
More information on patch 6.1 will be available in the near future. Soon.


Classes
We will see small class balance changes this Monday, before Highmaul Mythic is released. At most, a 5-10% range of changes.
The first week of raid data is invaluable when making balance adjustments.
If you don't see any changes for your spec/class, the design team probably thinks you're doing well from a numerical standpoint.
Shamans need a bump, they're on the low side at the moment.
They'd like to improve Elemental's mobile damage, but it will have to wait until 6.1 as it will require significant changes.
All Mages are on the low end of the spectrum, and will be receiving buffs.
Frost, the most played spec, is a lot lower than they'd like.
The necessity of Crit on Fire Mages is problematic early on. They'll figure out a way to adjust it.
Lots of players are playing Gladiator Warrior because of how well it is doing, and will be toned down a bit.
Players gravitate towards the spec which deals the most damage, and Gladiator shouldn't be the answer for Warriors.
Playstyle changes shouldn't be made via a hotfix, like the recent Warlock embers change. Players need more warning before that happens.
They tried to remove a lot of positional requirements, which is why Glyph of Blackout Kick was removed.
They may have gone too far with the removal of large heals. This could be addressed in the future via talents.
There's a chance we'll see them ease up on class restrictions for gnomes. Gnome Hunter is probably one of the more likely combinations.



Stats
The team is currently happy with the role that Spirit is playing.
Versatility is no ones best stat, however, DPS should still be okay switching to it when they get a piece of gear that is higher item level. If that ends up not being the case, it will be looked into.
There have been no regrets getting rid of Hit and Expertise.
They like how all of the secondary stats now do something unique.
There are no plans to allow for rerolling of stats, outside of the current profession reroll items.


Garrisons
Follower benefits are currently only taken into account when you collect your work orders. This will be changed in an upcoming patch so they must be present as work orders complete to get the bonus. We will be given notice before this change goes live.
A change will be made so that your followers can earn experience while working in your buildings.
There will be internal discussion about the number of high level garrison missions you receive.
The change to salvage crates was made not because they're worried about you leveling up your followers' item levels too quickly, but because they don't want you to feel like you need to keep a low level follower around to make proper use of your garrison.
We will see more garrison content during this expansion through new missions, better rewards, higher item levels, and hidden features.


Raiding
The team is happy with how well flex is working. Groups aren't aiming for a specific number of people, but inviting those who want to join.
We're looking at a minimum of 2 raid tiers this expansion, 3 is not out of the question. Ideally, raid tiers last at least 6 months each.
They'd like to reduce the time between raid tiers; 13 months was too long.
The new LFG tool has had a huge impact on the community. People are more social.
Highmaul
Player response to Highmaul so far has been positive.
The team is happy with the current tuning for Highmaul.
Highmaul Normal has been tuned around you having 5 man Heroic dungeon gear, where Highmaul Heroic was tuned around having Highmaul Normal gear; A natural progression.
Molten Core
The revised Molten Core experience was not meant to be done more than once.
They wanted to make sure it stayed faithful to the old experience. While 5 minute curses may not be added to the game today, it was an important part of experiencing MC.
Some mechanics were adjusted as it was near impossible for 40 random people to get through them. The aggro radius on Golemagg was one of them.
We probably won't see any other old school raids come into the LFR format.






Salvage Changes
It's neither nerf nor bug, but rather intended to be a rebalancing that shifts some of the incentives away from spamming low-level missions even after you have high-level followers, in favor of making high-level missions more rewarding. 

We made two changes:


Level 90-94 missions will only award a Bag of Salvaged Goods level 1 reward regardless of the level of your Salvage Yard.
Successful Level 100 missions will now always reward a salvage crate appropriate for your current Salvage Yard.


Level 95-99 missions are unchanged. On balance, players who are trying to increase the item level of their followers should be receiving a similar number of follower upgrades as before, but hopefully with a bit less emphasis on logging in every hour or two to cycle through quick low-level missions.


Weekly News Recap
Here is your chance to catch up if you missed a day of news this week!


December 6th

Hotfixes for December 5th 

December 5th

Developer Q&A Roundup 

No flying in Draenor in Patch 6.1; though there will be some flight path improvements
Account-wide Heirloom system is still planned for Patch 6.1.
They're working on support for custom garrison music for Patch 6.1
The garrison may grow beyond Tier 3 in Patch 6.2
Level 3 salvage crates give something from the level 2 crate loot table plus another chance at an additional item. 
Garrisons aren't coming to the mobile armory app, as they are a Warlords only feature for now and there are other tasks that would have more long-term use. 

Hotfixes for December 4th 

December 4th

Argi and Grinning Reaver Mount go on Sale! 
Hotfixes for December 3rd. 
The Alliance Chopper is Now for Sale for 100,000 gold 

December 2nd

We look at Trinket and Crafting Changes and Preview Warlords Season 1 Armor Sets 
Hotfixes for December 2nd 


November 30th

We previewed off the New Highmaul Raid Tier. !