chaud2014-12-24, 07:49 AMTCG Pets Giveaway
WoWTCGLoot  and AskMrRobot  were nice enough to send us some things to give away again this year, so a big thanks to them! We are starting off with some pets, one month Curse Premium  codes, and one month AskMrRobot Premium  codes.

Prizes

Sand Scarab 
Purple Puffer 
Eye of the Legion 
Landro's Lil' XT 
Landro's Lichling 
5 x Curse Premium 
5 x AskMrRobot Premium 


Rules

Enter once by replying to this news post and telling us what feature or change you would like to see in Patch 6.1 that was not announced in the Patch 6.1 preview 
Winners will receive a PM which they have 72 hours to reply to. After that, a new winner will be selected. Pets will be given out in the order the winners reply to the PM, so be sure to reply promptly. You can turn on email notifications for PMs in the Settings 
Entering more than once per contest thread is useless and will get you disqualified. There will be no 2nd chance for people posting more than one comment in this thread, you have been warned. We will also of course check for double accounts, etc
You have until Thursday December 25th @ 11:59 PM EST to enter the contest. After that time this thread will be closed and winners will be selected randomly.



Happy Holidays from the WoW Community Team
From the North America World of Warcraft Community team to you: happy holidays!


<div class="gallery" id="gallery-cmgal"> </div> 

Micah "Bashiok" Whipple, Chad "Crithto" Wingerd, Liam "Bornakk" Knapp, Jon "Zarhym" Brown, Randy "Kaivax" Jordan

Danielle "Nethaera" Vanderlip, Josh "Lore" Allen, Chung "Rygarius" Ng


<div class="gallery" id="gallery-card"> </div> 


MMO-Champion Forums Moderator Recruitment
Good news everyone! We're recruiting moderators for the forums again! The amount of users and posts keeps increasing and we reached the point where we need some help before the trolls take over and play Whack-a-Mod in the Darkmoon Faire. I know it sounds fun, but I'm going to assume we don't want that. 

Please be sure to read the entire post before applying!


 