chaud2015-04-20, 03:16 PMWoW Token Coming April 21 in Europe
The Token will cost 20 Euro to purchase and the initial price is 35,000 gold. The current US price is ~22.5k.
The WoW Token will be going live in the Europe game region on April 21 at approximately 5 p.m. CEST. The WoW Token will be available for 20 EUR 15 GBP from the in-game Shop, and will be set at a starting price of 35,000 gold in the Auction House across the Europe region. From that point forward, the gold price will automatically fluctuate based on player supply and demand. To start we’ll be limiting the number of Token purchases from the Shop to 10 within a 30-day period, and the limit on Tokens purchased for gold will be set higher—though keep in mind these limits may be adjusted over time. While Tokens will be available immediately from the Shop, please note that there may be a delay before Tokens put up for sale on the Auction House become available for purchase with gold.

Using WoW Token Game Time with a Recurring Subscription
You can redeem WoW Tokens while you have an active recurring subscription—there’s no need to suspend your subscription or resubscribe. Your recurring subscription will automatically pause when your currently paid-for subscription period ends e.g. for monthly subscribers, at the end of your current 30-day period, and all redeemed WoW Token game time will be applied next. Note that you can have multiple WoW Tokens redeemed on your account at any given time. Once any accumulated WoW Token game time expires, your recurring subscription will automatically pick up where it left off.

Region-wide Exchange
As discussed in our original announcement, each game region Americas, Europe, Korea, Taiwan, and China will have its own shared WoW Token exchange.

Once purchased, a Token can then be put up for sale in a region-wide exchange via a new Game Time tab in the Auction House. While the rest of the Auction House will remain realm-based, a region-wide WoW Token exchange will provide the largest possible pool of prospective buyers and ensures everyone has access to a vibrant, active Token marketplace. In the Americas, Europe, Korea, and Taiwan, players who purchase a WoW Token from the Auction House will be able to redeem it for 30 days of game time.

Going for Gold
Because the Token exchange has to start somewhere, we will be setting the initial gold value of the WoW Token ourselves. The starting gold value in each region will be based on several factors, including regional in-game economies, but ultimately our goal is to select a fair and reasonable starting price. After that, the Token’s gold value will be determined dynamically based primarily on player supply and demand. Simply put, if more WoW Tokens are being listed than are being purchased, the price will automatically drift downward over time. If people are purchasing Tokens from the Auction House faster than they’re being put up for sale, then prices will go up accordingly. As a reminder, to help make sure players can trade WoW Tokens confidently, once a Token sells, the seller will receive the amount of gold they were quoted at the time they listed their Token.