chaud2015-03-12, 05:15 PMUpdate: Added tonight's hotfixes.

Join the Party at BlizzCon 2015 November 6 and 7
You’ve been summoned to Southern California for BlizzCon 2015! Blizzard’s ninth epic gaming convention and community celebration is returning to the Anaheim Convention Center on Friday, November 6 and Saturday, November 7, 2015. Form a party with your fellow members of the Blizzard community and get ready for two days of in-depth discussion panels with our developers, hands-on play time with the latest Blizzard games, and intense eSports tournaments featuring top pro gamers from around the world.

BlizzCon 2015 tickets will go on sale in two batches on Wednesday, April 15 at 7 p.m. PT and Saturday, April 18 at 10 a.m. PT through the online event ticketing service Eventbrite , priced at $199 each plus applicable taxes and fees. Check out the BlizzCon Ticket webpage  for all the details.

In addition, we’re once again planning a special pre-BlizzCon Benefit Dinner the evening of Thursday, November 5 in support of Children’s Hospital of Orange County CHOC , where guests will have a chance to meet and chat with developers, artists, community team representatives, and others from Blizzard. Attendance to this special event will be limited, and we’ll have more information on ticket pricing and availability at a later date.

If you can’t make it to the show in person, you’ll be able to watch from home with the BlizzCon Virtual Ticket, offering comprehensive live coverage of the event via a multichannel Internet stream. Further details on the Virtual Ticket, including pricing, availability, and programming information, will be announced at a later date.

See the full press release  or check out the BlizzCon Ticket page for more information, and be sure to visit www.blizzcon2015.eventbrite.com at the dates and times above for a chance to purchase a ticket to the show. We hope to see you there!


Patch 6.1 Hotfixes - March 12
Classes

 Priest Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Talents

Cascade  will now properly use the casting Priest's Multistrike chance for bounces beyond the first one.


Raids and Dungeons

Blackrock Foundry

Operator Thogar

Grom'kar Man-at-Arms' Iron Bellow ability should no longer be redirected by a Grounding Totem.

Legacy

Icecrown Citadel: Players should now correctly only be saved to the raid when all three Blood Princes have been defeated during the Blood Prince Council encounter.


Items

Auto-Repairing Autoclave  now has 33% more Spirit.
Elementalist's Shielding Talisman  now has 33% more Spirit.


Bug Fixes

Achievements

Players should now correctly receive credit towards the Call to Arms! achievement after completing a max level Battleground match.



Spirit Trinkets Buff
Yep, you would think after almost 30 pages of discussion on this earlier in the week they would have listened to what was being said... I don't think more spirit was ever suggested to make the stat more desirable for healers.
That's not something that can be fixed with a numbers buff to two trinkets. This change was to address that the two trinkets in question were under budget relative to other trinkets. That's all.

Just to help clarify, on top of what Rygarius said: These changes were made because the items were under budget and not giving the appropriate amount of stats for their item level. There was a bug, so we fixed it.

This was not a change made to make healers more interested in Spirit trinkets. We recognize that Spirit isn't the most appealing stat for healers at the moment, and are discussing how we want to handle that, but that's a separate issue than the one that prompted the changes to these trinkets. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 