chaud2015-11-14, 01:28 AMLegion - Gnome Hunters
Gnomes rejoice! You can finally be a Hunter in Legion.


  


Patch 6.2.3 Overview
During scheduled maintenance on Tuesday, November 17, we’ll release Patch 6.2.3, bringing cross-realm Mythic raiding, new Timewalking dungeons, the return of the Valor currency, the Grove Warden mount, and more to the game.

Tuesday’s maintenance period will also mark the end of the current PvP season and the beginning of Warlords Season 3. In the new season, you’ll have a chance to earn new PvP gear, including the Warmongering Aspirant PvP item level 715, Warmongering Combatant ilvl 730, and Warmongering Gladiator ilvl 740 sets.

For those interested in diving into dungeons, the very first Cataclysm Timewalking Bonus Event begins Wednesday, November 18, featuring Grim Batol, Stonecore, Lost City of Tol’vir, Vortex Pinnacle, Throne of Tides, and End Time. We’re also expanding the Northrend Timewalking Bonus Event to include Pit of Saron and The Burning Crusade Timewalking Bonus Event to include Magister’s Terrace.


Patch 6.2.3 Official Notes
New Timewalking Dungeons

A new Cataclysm Timewalking Bonus Event has been added to the holiday rotation, featuring the following dungeons:

End Time
Grim Batol
Lost City of Tol’vir
Stonecore
The Vortex Pinnacle
Throne of Tides

The existing Burning Crusade and Wrath of the Lich King Timewalking events have been expanded to include an additional dungeon each:

Magister’s Terrace Burning Crusade
Pit of Saron Wrath of the Lich King

New rare mount: Infinite Timereaver, has been added as a random drop from any Timewalking boss.
Added a vendor near the Cataclysm portals in Stormwind and Orgrimmar during the Cataclysm Timewalking Bonus Event that sells modernized Cataclysm gear and cool new toys.


Cross-Realm Mythic Raiding

Cross-Realm raiding has been enabled for Hellfire Citadel on Mythic difficulty. You’ll now be able to join with friends or fill that last raid spot to take on the most difficult encounters in Warlords of Draenor.


Item Upgrades and Valor are back!

Item upgrades are back! Players will be able to earn and spend Valor to upgrade items from Hellfire Citadel, crafted profession items, items created from Baleful tokens in Tanaan Jungle, and all Draenor dungeon drops. All the items you’ve already earned are eligible for upgrades retroactively.
Characters can earn Valor in a number of ways.

Completing the first random Heroic Dungeon of the day
Completing Mythic Dungeons
Completing weekly Bonus Event quests except for the Pet Battle Bonus Event
Completing a Raid Finder wing for Highmaul, Blackrock Foundry, or Hellfire Citadel for the first time each week.

To upgrade, visit your friendly neighborhood ethereal in Orgrimmar and Stormwind, or Stormshield and Warspear to upgrade your gear by 5 item levels at a time for 250 Valor, up to twice per item, for a total potential boost of 10 item levels.


Improved Item Rewards
Mythic Dungeon Loot Improvements

Mythic Dungeons now have a chance to award items ranging from item level 685 to 725 in 5-item-level increments, with a progressively lower chance as item level increases.
Mythic Dungeon bosses now also have a chance to drop a new Heirloom Trinket that will scale up to level 110.

Baleful Item Level Boost

Baleful items now have a chance to create items ranging in quality from item level 655 to 695 in 5-item-level increments, with a progressively lower chance as item level increases.


Warlords Season 3

Around the release of Patch 6.2.3, a transition to Warlords Season 3 will take place. More information and details on the close of Warlords Season 2 and transition to the new season will be available in the future.
With the new season comes new gear. New Warmongering Aspirant gear scales up to PvP item level 715, Warmongering Combatant gear scales to 730, and Warmongering Gladiator gear scales to 740.


Class Tuning Changes
 Death Knight Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

General

Blood Boil, Blood Plague, Death Coil, Death and Decay, Frost Fever, and Soul Reaper damage has been increased by 10%.


Frost

Frost Strike, Howling Blast, and Obliterate damage has been increased by 10%.


Unholy

Festering Strike, Necrosis, and Scourge Strike damage has been increased by 10%.


Talents

Defile and Necrotic Plague damage has been increased by 10%.


 Druid Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

General

Moonfire and Wrath damage has been increased by 6%.


Balance

Starfall, Starfire, Starsurge, and Sunfire damage has been increased by 6%.


 Paladin Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

General

Crusader Strike, Hammer of Wrath, and Judgment damage has been increased by 8%.


Retribution

Divine Storm, Seal of Truth, and Templar's Verdict damage has been increased by 8%.


 Shaman Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

General

Chain Lightning, Flame Shock, Lava Burst, Lightning Bolt, and Lightning Shield damage has been increased by 4%.


Elemental

Mastery: Molten Earth, Earth Shock, and Earthquake damage has been increased by 4%.


Enhancement

Lava Lash, Stormstrike, and Windfury damage has been increased by 4%.


 Warrior Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

General

Enrage now increases all damage dealt by 15% up from 10%.

Arms

Seasoned Soldier now increases all damage dealt by 15% up from 10%.


Raids and Dungeons
Hellfire Citadel

Defeating Archimonde on Heroic difficulty or higher will reward players with a mysterious fragment of dark power  that begins a quest  which will lead to the Grove Warden mount.


Timewalking

Pepe should now remain with players that enter into a Timewalking dungeon.


Items

Increased the drop rates of Felblight  from Skinning, Mining, Herbalism, and Fishing by about 20%.
Mirror of the Blademaster now summon magical blades as guardians, instead of mirror images of the caster.