chaud2015-11-11, 12:57 PMLegion Class Preview Series: Warrior
Welcome to our World of Warcraft: Legion class preview series. In this entry, we’re exploring the Warrior—to find out what’s in store for a different class, check out the overview. 

We continue our early look at class and specialization design with the Warrior. In these blogs, we’ll be exploring class identity, discussing Legion’s new designs, and presenting core combat abilities for each specialization—laying the foundation upon which talents and Artifacts will build further. With that in mind, let’s delve into what it means to be a Warrior in World of Warcraft.

Warriors are the quintessential fearless fighters on the battlefield, and their pure martial prowess inspires courage in allies and despair in enemies. Experts in all manner of melee weaponry and possessing incredible physical strength and skill, Warriors are perfectly suited to serve as frontline combatants and battlefield commanders.

Warriors are thematically informed by our own history, dating back to ancient clashes when close-quarters, shield-and-sword combat was the backbone of battlefield strategy. Warriors in WoW are steeped in this tradition, with each specialization filling distinct niches.
One notable goal we have for Warriors in Legion is to significantly expand their customizability through talents, especially for Arms and Fury. If the below core abilities seem sparse, it’s to leave room for more from talents than ever before. Both specs now have five rows of core throughput talents mostly different between Arms and Fury, too, with a strong mix of active rotational abilities, passives, procs, cooldowns, and other interesting effects. You’ll find old favorites like Overpower, Heroic Strike, and Opportunity Strikes, returning classics like Avatar, Dragon Roar, and Storm Bolt, along with a host of brand new talents. We look forward to seeing the combinations that you put together.

Arms [/b][/size][/center]
Across culture and kingdom, men and women who demonstrate great physical aptitude are transformed into mighty warriors through tests of strength, endurance, and fighting capability. Their friendships are forged not in the classroom, tavern, or workshop, but in the dueling pits and on the arena floor. As a childhood of sparring defines a warrior’s destiny, so too does one’s choice of weapon determine their role on the battlefield. Arms warriors gravitate toward two-handed weapons instinctively. It’s more than a matter of preference—it speaks to the character of the wielder. Arms warriors are patient in a fight, waiting to capitalize on moments when an opponent is left exposed. Two-handed weapons allow them to deliver devastating, overpowering blows, fully exploiting their enemies’ weaknesses. 

"Arms warriors are patient in a fight, waiting to capitalize on moments when an opponent is left exposed."

Gameplay
The defining character traits of Arms Warriors already mesh well with their gameplay, but there’s room for more flavor. In Legion we’ve opened up a wider variety of potential gameplay styles based on your talent choices, as discussed above. We also replaced their Mastery with Colossal Might, which increases the effectiveness of Colossus Smash, playing into their theme more directly. As before, Arms Warrior Rage generation comes from auto-attacks.

Here’s a basic look at the core combat abilities for Arms Warriors:

Mortal Strike

20 Rage, Melee Range, Instant, 6 sec cooldown
A vicious strike that deals strong Physical damage and reduces the effectiveness of healing on the target for 10 sec.


Slam

15 Rage, Melee Range, Instant
Slam an opponent, causing moderate Physical damage.


Colossus Smash

Melee Range, Instant, 45 sec cooldown
Smashes the enemy’s armor, dealing massive Physical damage, and increasing damage you deal to them by 20% for 6 sec.


Execute

10 Rage, Melee Range, Instant
Attempt to finish off a foe, causing strong Physical damage to the target, and consuming up to 30 additional Rage to deal up to massive additional damage. Only usable on enemies that have less than 20% health.


Tactician

Passive
Slam, Whirlwind, and Execute have a 20% chance per target hit to reset the cooldown on Colossus Smash.


Mastery: Colossal Might

Increases the damage of your Colossus Smash by 50%, and causes it to increase damage taken by an additional 50%.


Additionally, to give you an idea of how some talents may build upon this, here’s an example of one of their Arms-specific talents:

Titanic Might

Passive
Increases the duration of Colossus Smash by 200%, but halves its effectiveness.


Fury [/b][/size][/center]
On the battlefield and in the arena, the most feared combatants are often the furious berserkers who lust for battle and thirst for blood. Through a lifetime of training and sparring, these merciless warriors have become masters of carnage—often wielding a weapon in each hand to maximize the destruction. Even without the protection of a shield, the fury warrior leaves little opportunity for an opponent to strike without suffering grievous wounds in return—delivered in a whirlwind of blades that dooms anyone its wake. Brute force becomes a breathtaking display when fury warriors relentlessly dive into the fray. 

"Brute force becomes a breathtaking display when fury warriors relentlessly dive into the fray."

Gameplay
Fury is a thematically grandiose take on the classic warrior archetype, and in Legion we want the gameplay to convey this better. To help deliver on the fantasy of a relentless death-dealer, we’ve bolstered their gameplay around quickly building Rage and then going wild with Rampage. In particular, Enrage is now considerably more powerful, doubling your attack speed and thus Rage generation, since the majority of Rage is still generated by auto-attacks, along with increasing damage based on Mastery. Similar to Arms, a multitude of talent options will expand your combat abilities in a wide variety of ways.

Here’s a basic look at the core combat abilities for Fury Warriors:

Bloodthirst

Melee Range, Instant, 4.5 sec cooldown
Attack the target in a bloodthirsty craze, dealing moderate Physical damage, generating 10 Rage, and restoring 5% of your health.
Bloodthirst has an additional 40% chance to be a critical strike.


Enrage

Passive
Bloodthirst critical strikes or activating Berserker Rage will Enrage you, increasing attack speed by 100% and damage taken by 30% for 6 sec.


Raging Blow

10 Rage, Melee Range, Instant
A mighty blow with both weapons that deals a total of strong Physical damage.
Only usable while Enraged.


Rampage

50 Rage, Melee Range, Instant
Unleash a series of 5 brutal strikes over 2 sec for a total of massive Physical damage.
Rampage always deals damage as if you were Enraged.


Execute

30 Rage, Melee Range, Instant
Attempt to finish off a foe, causing a total of massive damage Physical damage. Only usable on enemies that have less than 20% health.


Mastery: Unshackled Fury

Increases damage done while Enraged by 28% with Mastery from typical gear.


Additionally, to give you an idea of how some talents may build upon this, here’s an example of one of their Fury-specific talents:

Frenzy

15 Rage, Melee Range, Instant
Furiously slash at the target, dealing moderate Physical damage, and increasing your Haste by 5% for 10 sec. Stacks up to 5 times.


Protection [/b][/size][/center]
Like their counterparts, protection warriors are virtually bred for physical dominance, having been raised in the art of close-quarters combat—but their measured approach to battle is what distinguishes them from their comrades-in-arms. They demonstrate an uncanny knack for blade and shield, nullifying an opponent’s advances and creating opportunities for counterattacks. For the protection warrior, being the toughest soldier on the front means nothing if allies are left vulnerable to the enemy’s attack. Stalwart defenders are integral to the success of any military campaign—the protection warrior seeks to be an unbreakable wall. 

"For the protection warrior, being the toughest soldier on the front means nothing if allies are left vulnerable to the enemy’s attack."

Gameplay
Protection gameplay ties strongly to Warrior lore and exemplifies the very foundation of the tank role in the game, so we’re primarily focused on fine-tuning their mechanics. Shield Block and Shield Barrier in particular often created a trap choice for players. We’ve replaced Shield Barrier with a new ability, Ignore Pain, which massively reduces damage taken up to a cap based on maximum health and functions as your primary defensive Rage-spender. It doesn’t compete as much with Shield Block, and thus provides you with distinct tools in your arsenal to apply to different situations. In terms of Rage, Protection Warriors now primarily generate Rage through taking damage, supplemented by a baseline Rage income from ability usage. This plays well with Ignore Pain as their primary Rage-spender; it’s most useful when you’re taking a lot of damage, which is also when you’ll have a lot of Rage to use on it.

Here’s a basic look at the core combat abilities for Protection Warriors:

Offensive

Devastate

Melee Range, Instant
A direct strike, dealing moderate Physical damage.
Devastate has a 30% chance to reset the cooldown of Shield Slam.


Revenge

Melee Range, Instant, 9 sec cooldown
Swing in a wide arc, dealing strong damage to all enemies in front of you.
Generates 4 Rage.
Your successful dodges and parries reset the cooldown of Revenge cannot occur more than once every 3 sec.


Deep Wounds

Passive
Your Devastate and Revenge cause the target to bleed for strong Physical damage over 15 sec.
This effect is cancelled if the target reaches full health.


Thunder Clap

Instant, 6 sec cooldown
Blasts all enemies within 8 yards for moderate damage and reduces their movement speed by 50% for 10 sec.


Shield Slam

Melee Range, Instant, 9 sec cooldown
Slam the target with your shield, causing strong Physical damage.
Generates 6 Rage.


Heroic Strike

30 Rage, Melee Range, Instant
Instantly deals moderate Physical damage.
This ability is not on the global cooldown.


Defensive

Shield Block

10 Rage, Instant, 12 sec recharge, 2 charges
Raise your shield, blocking every melee attack against you for 6 sec. These blocks can be critical blocks.
Shield Slam deals 30% additional damage while Shield Block is active.


Ignore Pain

40 Rage, Instant
Fight through the pain, ignoring 90% of the next massive amount based on maximum health of damage you take.


Spell Reflection

Instant, 25 sec cooldown
Raise your shield, reflecting spells cast on you and reducing magical damage taken by 30%. Lasts 5 sec or until a spell is reflected.


Mastery: Critical Block

Increases your chance to block by 10% with Mastery from typical gear and your chance to critically block by 30% with Mastery from typical gear.
Also increases your attack power by 20% with Mastery from typical gear.


Additionally, to give you an idea of how some talents may build upon this, here’s an example of one of their Protection-specific talents:

Shield Discipline

Passive
Shield Slam extends the duration of Shield Block by 2 sec.
Shield Block increases the damage of Shield Slam by an additional 30%.


We hope you’ve enjoyed this early preview of our approach to Warrior class and specialization design in World of Warcraft: Legion. We’ll continue our series later today with a look at Monks and Druids.