chaud2016-03-30, 09:23 PMLegion Alpha Build - 3/30 Design Notes
A new Legion build is on the way! While we wait, design notes have been posted, along with some updates on other topics.

Currently Unavailable Class Specs
Greeting Alpha Testers,

Here are the Classes and Specializations that are currently unavailable to be tested on Alpha realms. Testers can swap between available specializations at any time, but will be unable to swap to a spec on this list.

We will eventually have all specializations available for testing, but as implementation and iteration occurs some classes and specializations will not be in a playable state, and are thus locked out for testing.

Warlock

Destruction 


Figured this would be a lot shorter than the old version.

Sorry Destruction warlocks! Saving the best for last. Just to clarify something that we should've clarified a long time ago, in the vast majority of cases, when a specialization has been unplayable, it's because we've still been working on that spec's artifact acquisition and traits. We need to get feedback and testing of the spec as a functional whole. We're almost there, so thank you for your patience thus far!


3/30 Alpha Build Design Notes
We have another alpha build going up today. Some fairly significant updates are included:


New Specialization Unlocked – 1 more additional specialization is ready for testing. We’d love any and all feedback about gameplay, artifact quest line, abilities, etc.

Brewmaster Monk – Note: The designs of the enemies you fight in this questline are still incomplete. Also note, Brewmasters are likely very overpowered in this build; we plan to increase the base recharge time of Ironskin and Purifying Brews substantially in the next build.

Class Status – We’ve made many iterations based on feedback and testing. Here are some highlights:

Taunts – Taunt abilities are now once again class-wide, instead of only available on tank specializations. Retribution Paladin – Several talents revised and rearranged. Subtlety Rogue – Level 30 talents adjusted to work with Shadow Dance. Blood Death Knight – Adjusted and clarified how Death and Decay interacts with single target abilities. Unholy Death Knight – Revisions to several rotational abilities, and several talents. Fire Mage – Living Bomb changed; it now spreads automatically on explosion, rather than when you cast Inferno Blast. Feral Druid – Area damage abilities increased in effect significantly. Windwalker Monk – Storm, Earth, and Fire damage increased significantly, making them useful on 2+ targets. Marksmanship Hunter – Lone Wolf has moved back to being a talent, instead of baseline. Several talents rearranged and revised. Balance Druid – Moonfire and Sunfire now generate Astral Power on cast. Couple revisions to talents. Beast Mastery Hunter – Several talents revised. In particular, Exotic Munitions has been replaced with Dire Frenzy, a replacement for Dire Beast for those Hunters that prefer to focus on improving their main pet. Shadow Priest – Void Bolt now refreshes, rather than extends, Vampiric Touch and Shadow Word: Pain. Vampiric Touch and Shadow Word: Pain now generate Insanity on cast, and their durations have been adjusted. Dominate Mind renamed back to Mind Control, and usable on players. Psychic Horror removed. Vengeance Demon Hunter – Significant rearrangement of the talent tree and some new talents added, including the final level 110 option. Empower Wards, a new baseline ability, added as an active defense against magic damage. Siphon Power replaces Scorched Ground on the artifact, to interact with Empower Wards.

Artifact Trait Status – Nearly all traits are implemented at this point; only a few remain non-functional, or to-be-redesigned. Tuning is still yet to come, of course.

Havoc Demon Hunter – Several traits revised. Retribution Paladin – Wake of Ashes redesigned. Unholy Death Knight – Apocalypse active ability redesigned. Several traits redesigned. Demonology Warlock – Several traits revised. Windwalker Monk – Several traits revised. Feral Druid – Several traits revised. Restoration Shaman – Several traits revised. Affliction Warlock – Several traits revised. Frost Death Knight – Several traits revised. PvP Talent Status – We’ve also revised several PvP talents:
Retribution Paladin – Several talents revised to be more attractive choices. Protection Paladin – Several talents replaced with new ones.

New Zone: Azsuna! - This zone is now open and ready for testing. Please give it a try and let us know what you think!
New Feature: Order Hall Campaigns!

We’ve added the Order Hall Campaigns for all currently available specs of the Monk including Brewmaster, Shaman, and Warlock. Accessing these new campaigns and missions will require you to create new characters to experience this new content. Feedback on these campaigns and missions would be especially valuable right now!

Thanks, and we look forward to your feedback!


Night Elf Male Disconnect Issue
Hey everyone!

Our latest Legion Alpha build came with a slight issue that you may run into. 

The Male Night Elf model is missing it's collision volume. What this means for you all is that players who are currently using a Night Elf male model will experience a disconnect when entering a body of water. Walking ankle deep will not cause a disconnect, but you will experience one if the depth requires the swim animation to trigger. 

We hope to have this issue resolved by our next build push to Alpha. Thanks for your patience everyone!


Blue Posts
Old Models and New Animations
Both HD and SD models use the same animation rigs now. We've added a ton of new combat animations in Legion, and it's important that they work for both SD and HD. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

Legendary Ring Quest Line Removal
I had a whole post written out but then my computer decided it was going to restart and I lost it all. :' Let me see if I can come up with all of it again...

Suffice it to say, this shouldn't be coming through as news as this was announced prior to the launch of Warlords. This still stands consistent with our viewpoint on how we will be treating such Legendary items such as these going forward not to say there won't ever be items that work otherwise... but, you get the point.

On a personal note, I rather enjoy the consistency of the newer Legendaries. With the older items, in their time, a guild would have to devote all of it's resources behind one player who would be the sole owner of any specific legendary. I think it goes without saying that this led to a tiny fraction of the population ever experiencing the stories around these items in their height. The new Legendaries are the complete opposite of this - they are available to any player who is actively playing the game, and there are no boundaries on obtaining the item that would require such a devotion of resources as older Legendaries did.

As the ring will become a permanent point of recognition of all of your character's time and effort in Warlords of Draenor, we want these kind of items to remain as a way to say "I was there!" and to show that you followed along in the content when it was current.

This really isn't necessary, in my opinion, and really, I think it adds more frustration to the game than any sense of accomplishment.
In your opinion, why does this add frustration?

If you want to take the reward away then so be it. But you shouldn't remove the quest entirely considering it's a huge part of the lore and struggle that took place on Draenor. The entire expansion was based off this.
I appreciate the feedback on the questline containing a ton of the story of Warlords. That's something I will pass on and bring up a conversation about. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

Ability Pruning
Thank you to those who set the record straight for millennials. 

While there is no exact year range, it's generally accepted that millennials were born between the 1980s and around 2000. That means, majority of millennials have hit adulthood and are probably a good chunk of loyal WOW players. I grew up playing MMOs not WOW necessarily, but others like Ragnarok Online, MapleStory, Runescape, etc.
I'm quoting this post because it's just as relevant to the topic of ability pruning as an out-of-context quote from a Twitch chatroom.

In the quote from the OP, I was specifically asked about a list of hundreds of abilities that have been removed or reworked since 2004. Yes, I imagine it would take a lot of work to re-add or un-change hundreds of abilities, not to mention sorting out the massive balance issues that would result from such a thing. No, that doesn't mean we're ignoring feedback about pruning or that we won't make any changes based on that feedback. It just means I think it would be a lot of work to add hundreds of abilities to the game, which I think is a fairly reasonable assumption.

We've been specifically asking for feedback about what abilities you feel are missing and why, and that's because we want to hear it. Often times, our design process involves pulling a bunch of stuff out so that we can directly see what's missing; we do this because, occasionally, there is a better way to provide that same gameplay, it's just hard to see it while the old stuff is still in the way.

At any rate, please do continue to provide that feedback, because we're actively discussing it. There's certainly been no mandate that "ability pruning will not be reverted," and even if there had been, we wouldn't be announcing it in a Twitch chatroom. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 