chaud2016-07-11, 07:32 PMHarbingers Teaser Trailer
Blizzard released a teaser for the upcoming Harbingers animated series. 


<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>


Time's Running Out
The Burning Legion is approaching, and the clock is ticking on several activities and rewards in World of Warcraft. If you haven’t completed these challenges or collected these items yet, there’s still time for one final rally before these opportunities vanish from the face of Azeroth!

Before the Launch of Legion
With the arrival of the World of Warcraft: Legion pre-expansion patch, two time-limited Feats of Strength will no longer be obtainable—Ahead of the Curve: The Black Gate , which charges heroes with defeating Archimonde on Heroic difficulty or higher, and Cutting Edge: The Black Gate , which challenges players to vanquish Archimonde on Mythic difficulty.

Also with the Legion pre-expansion patch, the Brawler’s Guild will be temporarily closing down, and Warlords of Draenor Challenge Modes will end. You’ll also no longer be able to start the quest line for your Legendary ring—and if you aren’t already on Chapter II  or later, the quest will be removed from your quest log.

When Legion Arrives
When World of Warcraft: Legion goes live on August 30, the Legendary ring will become completely unavailable, any quest from the quest line will be removed from your quest log, and Crystallized Fel will no longer be obtainable.

As of the launch of the expansion, the Grove Warden  moose mount will no longer be obtainable. However, players who have received their Remnant of Chaos  by participating in a victory over Archimonde in the Hellfire Citadel on Heroic or Mythic difficulty but haven’t yet taken the Remnant to Moonglade will still be able to do so after the Legion launch.

On August 30, the Ironhoof Destroyer  and Felsteel Annihilator  mounts from Mythic Blackhand and Mythic Archimonde will no longer be guaranteed rewards—they will become rare drops instead.

Finally, Warlords of Draenor Mythic dungeon bosses currently have a chance to drop Heirloom trinkets that scale with you to level 110. These will no longer drop after the expansion launches on August 30:


Judgment of the Naaru 
Orb of Voidsight 
Infallible Tracking Charm 
Purified Shard of the Third Moon 
Gronntooth War Horn 


If you haven’t yet accomplished all you’ve set out to do in Warlords of Draenor, now is the time to strike!