chaud2016-10-25, 05:00 PMKosumoth: The US has the Hungering Claw  once again for the next two weeks.
Weekly Event: The Legion Dungeon Event  is live this week, with a quest rewarding a Cache of Nightmarish Treasures  for completing 4 mythic dungeons.

World Boss - Drugon the Frostblood
Drugon the Frostblood  is up this week, rewarding players with Artifact Power and a chance at item level 860 loot. 


  


Find Your Friends Faster with Quick Join in Patch 7.1
We’re making it even easier to find your friends and join them on their adventures through Azeroth with the addition of a Quick Join option in patch 7.1: Return to Karazahn.

You’ll be able to quickly and easily see friends who have queued for select eligible content within your Social tab o in the “Quick Join” tab. You’ll 

also be able to recommend others by using /invite to join the group even if they aren’t already friends with the group leader. Additionally, friends won’t need to leave their queue to add you and will receive a join request that they can accept or deny for each additional member.

What content queues will you be able to join your friends for?


Dungeon Finder
Raid Finder
Premade Group Listings once the friend has joined the group
Non-rated Battlegrounds
Non-rated Arenas
World PvP such as Ashran


So whether it’s your guildmate, your Battle.net friend, or your Real ID friend, you’ll be able to find each other and take part in a variety of game aspects without the need to ask the age old questions of– “What are you doing?” “Any room in your group?” “Can my other friend join?” You’ll just be able to see all of your friends, see what they’re up to, and ask to join with just a couple of clicks. It’s so easy, a drogbar can do it!


Classic Server Update
Hey everyone,

We’ve seen some talk among the community that you might be expecting to hear some news on legacy servers at BlizzCon, and we just wanted to take a moment to let you know that while we’re still discussing the possibility, we won’t have any updates to share on that until after the show.

These past few months we’ve been laser-focused on the launch of Legion and getting Patch 7.1: Return to Karazhan ready to go it’s almost here!, as well as prepping for BlizzCon—which is always a huge undertaking itself. You’ve heard us say that the launch of Legion was just the beginning of the story we want to tell in this expansion. What we will focus on at BlizzCon is how the team is committed to making sure we bring you a steady stream of content going forward, and we can’t wait to share what’s next for Legion.

Thanks for your patience, and we’ll see you at BlizzCon.

-J. Allen Brack and the World of Warcraft development team