chaud2017-03-09, 08:31 PMWoW Arena World Championship 2017 - Win Big!
World of Warcraft esports is leveling up! This year we’re bringing you more ways to participate, more teams, and more live action for everyone watching at home. So if you have a competitive bone in your body and who doesn’t?, read on for an overview of the exciting changes. There are many ways you, your team, and your community can get involved.

But first, a quick—and epic—reminder of what you can expect. . . .


<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>


More Teams, More Action
This year, there’ll be more opportunities to prove your teams’ prowess on the world stage:


Extra qualifier cups in North America and Europe, giving more teams the chance to shine.
Open signups: you don’t need an Arena rating to sign on the dotted line. What’s stopping you?
The top eight teams will be broadcast live, giving your team the chance to show off epic skills and the audience good reason to cheer on the teams they’re passionate about.
Prize pool of $6,000. Each. Pretty sweet. *nods*


Points Win Prizes: How to Qualify
To advance, teams can earn points through a variety of events:


Online Arena Cups award points to the top teams, so the teams with the most points qualify to their regional LAN event.
Teams can sign up to compete in as many cups in their region as they want. Go, go, go!
Approved community-run events can also award points—so what better reason to encourage your community to get involved? The more points you have, the more chance you have of qualifying. Simple as that.


How Points Are Awarded 


  

Note that points are earned by teams, not individuals, so leaving your team means leaving some of your points behind. Safety in numbers, friends!

The Road to the World Championship Finals


  


Regional Championship Events—Claim Your Crown!

12 teams for NA and EU—up from 8 last year.
All regional events are LAN-based, with teams competing in person.


The WoW Arena World Championship Finals

12 teams—up from 8 last year.
Latin America now has a dedicated spot and China will be represented by a second team—get your game on, wherever you are.


Join us!
Not looking to participate but want to follow the action? We’ll be updating you soon on when and how you can catch the epic battles, so you can follow your favorite team along the glorious road to the WoW Arena World Championship Finals. Up for the challenge? Keep your eyes peeled for event announcement and rules in the coming weeks.

Good luck, heroes!


Legion PvP Season Ending Soon
Attention Arena and Battleground competitors! Legion PvP Season 2 is coming to a close soon. Once ended, the battle will begin again a few hours after, when Legion PvP Season 3 begins!

Season 2 – End of Season Rewards
If you participated in Season 2, in order to ensure you receive the rewards that you’re due, please keep the following in mind:


Refrain from transferring your characters to another realm or faction until after Legion Season 1 has ended.
Legion Season 2 titles and mounts will be awarded approximately two weeks after the season ends.


Season 3 Updates
With Legion Season 3, the maximum number of times you can Prestige will increase from 9 to 13.

Faction-based Rewards
Don’t forget—end-of-season rewards are based on your faction. The top 0.5% of Alliance PvPers will be awarded the Gladiator: Legion Season 2 achievement and mount, and the same will go to the top 0.5% of Horde PvPers. If you transfer your character to the other faction, you must have 50 wins after your transfer to receive the reward.

Where will you rank at the end of this season?