chaud2017-01-16, 05:11 PMThe Nighthold Opens This Week
Normal and Heroic versions of The Nighthold open this week! Mythic and Raid Finder Wing 1 open next week.


  

    
    
    
    
    

Raid Schedule:

Tuesday, January 17: Nighthold Normal and Heroic difficulties open.
Tuesday, January 24: Nighthold Mythic difficulty and Raid Finder Wing 1 Arcing Aqueducts open.
Tuesday, February 7: Nighthold Raid Finder Wing 2 Royal Athenaeum opens.
Tuesday, February 21: Nighthold Raid Finder Wing 3 Nightspire opens.
Tuesday, March 7: Nighthold Raid Finder Wing 4 Betrayer’s Rise opens.



Tier 19 Armor Sets
The Nighthold drops Tier 19 armor set pieces directly for players on personal loot and tokens on other loot methods.


  


Icy Veins - Nighthold Guides
Our friends over at Icy Veins are finishing up their Nighthold guides, so be sure to take a look so that you are ready to go this week.


  


Legendary Item Upgrades
With the Nighthold release, you can now pick up the Touch of a Titan  quest in Dalaran to start on the path to upgrading existing legendary items. New items will have a higher item level when they drop.
Since the release of Patch 7.1.5, we've received a number of questions relating to the Nighthold Legendary item upgrades and how that process will work. We'd like to provide some clarity on what you can expect next week.

When the Nighthold opens next week, players who have acquired at least one Legion Legendary item will find a quest in Dalaran  to upgrade a Legendary from item level 910 to 940. This quest involves collecting a number of Essences of Aman’thul , which can be found in the following locations:


Nighthold Raid Bosses
Weekly Mythic Keystone Cache
Emissary Bags
PvP Weekly Quests


Once you have completed the quest, you'll be given a Distilled Titan Essence , which can be consumed to upgrade a Legion Legendary item to level 940. The quest is repeatable, so you'll be able to earn as many Distilled Titan Essences as you need to upgrade any Legendaries you have.

Additionally, once the Nighthold is open, any new Legendaries you discover will already be item level 940. Note that this does not apply retroactively to Emissary Bags that you may already have in your inventory when the time comes. Only new bags earned after the Nighthold is open have the chance to reward an item level 940 Legendary.

Will it be available on all levels of NH?
These will drop in all difficulties of the Nighthold, LFR included.


WoWDB Addon Data Collection
The migration to the new Curse App  continues with improved addon management support and guild servers.

Quickly populating the database with new additions is done with the help of many players. The more people that contribute data, the more accurate and quickly we can update the database.

To help out, just click here curse://enable-wowdb-upload if you have Curse App already installed.

When you are playing the addon will gather data and save it. When you are done playing, Curse App will see the game close and upload the collected data from the addon. 


 