chaud2017-02-07, 11:48 PMPatch 7.2 PTR - Build 23530
Build 23530 will be deployed to the PTR realms soon.

Achievement Changes
Appearances
Collections

Dressed for Battle - Brutal Gladiators New  Collect a Season 4 Gladiator Set. Account Wide.
Dressed for Battle - Cataclysmic Gladiators New  Collect a Season 11 Gladiator Set. Account Wide.
Dressed for Battle - Cruel and Ferocious Gladiators New  Collect a Legion Season 3 or 4 set. Account Wide.
Dressed for Battle - Deadly Gladiators New  Collect a Season 5 Gladiator Set. Account Wide.
Dressed for Battle - Furious Gladiators New  Collect a Season 6 Gladiator Set. Account Wide.
Dressed for Battle - Gladiators New  Collect a Season 1 Gladiator Set. Account Wide.
Dressed for Battle - Grievous Gladiators New  Collect a Season 14 Gladiator Set. Account Wide.
Dressed for Battle - Malevolent Gladiators New  Collect a Season 12 Gladiator Set. Account Wide.
Dressed for Battle - Merciless Gladiators New  Collect a Season 2 Gladiator Set. Account Wide.
Dressed for Battle - Prideful Gladiators New  Collect a Season 15 Gladiator Set. Account Wide.
Dressed for Battle - Relentless Gladiators New  Collect a Season 7 Gladiator Set. Account Wide.
Dressed for Battle - Ruthless Gladiators New  Collect a Season 10 Gladiator Set. Account Wide.
Dressed for Battle - Tyrannical Gladiators New  Collect a Season 13 Gladiator Set. Account Wide.
Dressed for Battle - Vengeful Gladiators New  Collect a Season 3 Gladiator Set. Account Wide.
Dressed for Battle - Vicious Gladiators New  Collect a Season 9 Gladiator Set. Account Wide.
Dressed for Battle - Vindictive and Fearless Gladiators  Collect a Season 19 or 20 Gladiator Set. Account Wide. Legion Season 1 or 2 set. Account Wide.
Dressed for Battle - Warmongering Gladiators New  Collect a Season 18 Gladiator Set. Account Wide.
Dressed for Battle - Wild Gladiators New  Collect a Season 17 Gladiator Set. Account Wide.
Dressed for Battle - Wrathful Gladiators New  Collect a Season 8 Gladiator Set. Account Wide.


Honor
Player vs. Player

Crest of Devastation  Reach Prestige level 15 14 and earn a Crest of Devastation 10 points.
Crest of Devastation  Reach Prestige level 15 14 and earn a Crest of Devastation 10 points.
Floor Thirteen  Name changed from "Thirsty for Thirteen" to "Floor Thirteen".


Legion
Player vs. Player

Cruel Elite New  Reach 2000 in any Rated PvP Bracket during Legion Season 3 10 points.
Fearless Elite  Name changed from "Ferocious Elite" to "Fearless Elite".
Ferocious Elite New  Reach 2000 in any Rated PvP Bracket during Legion Season 4 10 points.


Reputation

Paragon of the Broken Isles  Earn 10 exalted supply rewards from any faction within the Broken Isles.10 points.


Legion Dungeon
Dungeons & Raids

Cathedral of Eternal Night New  Defeat Mephistroth within the Cathedral of Eternal Night. 10 points.
Heroic: Cathedral of Eternal Night New  Defeat Mephistroth in Cathedral of Eternal Night on Heroic difficulty or higher. 10 points.
Master of Shadows New  Defeat Mephistroth within the Cathedral of Eternal Night with no Fel Spikes active on Mythic Difficulty. 10 points.
Mythic: Cathedral of Eternal Night New  Defeat Mephistroth in Cathedral of Eternal Night on Mythic difficulty. 10 points.


Legion Raid
Dungeons & Raids

Fel Turkey! New  Destroy 30 Infernal Spikes with Shattering Stars and then defeat Goroth in Tomb of Sargeras on Normal difficulty or higher. 10 points.
Grand Fin-ale New  Summon Elder Murk-Eye using a Mrgrglhjorn, then defeat him and Harjatan the Bludger on Normal difficulty or higher.
Grin and Bare It New  Defeat the Demonic Inquisition while every party member is at maximum Torment in Tomb of Sargeras on Normal difficulty or higher. 10 points.




Spell Changes
Mounts

Highlord's Vigilant Charger  Name changed from "Highlord's Vigilent Charger" to "Highlord's Vigilant Charger". Summons and dismisses your Highlord's Vigilent Vigilant Charger. This is a flying mount. 1.5 sec cast.


 Death Knight Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
PvP Talents

Reanimation  Reanimates a nearby corpse, summoning a zombie with 5 health for 20 sec to slowly move torwards towards your target. If it reaches your target, it explodes stunning all enemies within 5 yards for 3 sec and dealing 10% of enemies health in Shadow damage. Unholy DeathKnight - Tier 5 PvP Talent. 1 Runes. 40 yd range. Instant.


 Druid Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Feral

Infected Wounds  Rake causes an Infected Wound in the target, reducing the target's movement speed by 30% 50% for 12 sec. Druid - Feral Spec.
Rake Feral  Reduces the target's movement speed by 30% for 12 sec. 50% for 12 sec. 


 Monk Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
PvP Talents

Heavy-Handed Strikes  Your first strike of Fists of Fury knocks targets to the ground, stunning them for 4 3 sec. Fists of Fury has a 5 yard increased range. Windwalker Monk - Tier 5 PvP Talent.


 Priest Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Light of T'uure  Applies Light of the Naaru to the target, healing for [ 1 + 400% of Spell Power ] and increasing all healing you do your healing done to that target by 25% for 10 sec. Maximum 2 charges. Artifact. 40 yd range. Instant.


 Rogue Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Assassination

Crippling Poison  Coats your weapons with a Non-Lethal Poison that lasts for 60 min. Each strike has a 50% chance to poison the enemy, slowing movement speed by 30% 50% for 12 sec. Rogue - Assassination Spec. 1.5 sec cast.


Outlaw

Pistol Shot  Draw a concealed pistol and fire a quick shot at an enemy, dealing [ 165% of AP ] Physical damage and reducing movement speed by 30% 50% for 6 sec. Awards 1 combo points. Rogue - Outlaw Spec. 40 Energy. 20 yd range. Instant.


Subtlety

Nightblade  Finishing move that infects the target with shadowy energy, dealing Shadow damage over time and causing attacks against the target to reduce movement speed by 30% 50% for 8 sec. Lasts longer per combo point. 1 point : [ 4 + 552% of AP ] over 8 sec 2 points: [ 5 + 690% of AP ] over 10 sec 3 points: [ 6 + 828% of AP ] over 12 sec 4 points: [ 7 + 966% of AP ] over 14 sec 5 points: [ 8 + 1,104% of AP ] over 16 sec Rogue - Subtlety Spec. 25 Energy. Melee range. Instant.


 Shaman Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
PvP Talents

Spirit Link  You link yourself and two closest allies within 15 yards together. When linked targets take damage, 50% is distributed among the other linked allies. Linked targets receive 100% increased healing from your Chain Heal and Healing Rain. Lasts for 30 20 sec. Limited to 3 targets. Restoration Shaman - Tier 5 PvP Talent. 15% 35% of Base Mana. 15 yd range. Instant.


Item Effects

7.2 Broken Shore - Buildings - Command Center - Buff - Follower Token - Tracking Quest New  Instant.
Absorb Ancient Knowledge New  Empower the book to find the lost knowledge of the ancients. Melee range. 10 sec cast Channeled.
Arcane Tablet of Falanaar  Increase reputation with the Nightfallen by 100. 0.8 sec cast. up to Exalted reputation. 0.8 sec cast.
Arsenal: Cataclysmic Gladiator's Weapons New  Collect the appearances of the Cataclysmic Gladiator's weapons set. Transmog Set. Instant.
Arsenal: Deadly Gladiator's Weapons New  Collect the appearances of the Deadly Gladiator's weapons set. Transmog Set. Instant.
Arsenal: Furious Gladiator's Weapons New  Collect the appearances of the Furious Gladiator's weapons set. Transmog Set. Instant.
Arsenal: Hateful Gladiator's Weapons New  Collect the appearances of the Hateful Gladiator's weapons set. Transmog Set. Instant.
Arsenal: Relentless Gladiator's Weapons New  Collect the appearances of the Relentless Gladiator's weapons set. Transmog Set. Instant.
Arsenal: Ruthless Gladiator's Weapons New  Collect the appearances of the Ruthless Gladiator's weapons set. Transmog Set. Instant.
Arsenal: Vicious Gladiator's Weapons New  Collect the appearances of the Vicious Gladiator's weapons set. Transmog Set. Instant.
Arsenal: Wrathful Gladiator's Weapons New  Collect the appearances of the Wrathful Gladiator's weapons set. Transmog Set. Instant.
Bloodstrike  Commands the Sentinar Sentinax to fire a Bloodstrike at your current location, unearthing Blood of Sargeras. Deals 150% of maximum health as Chaos damage. 2 sec cast.
Brew Explosion  40 yd range. 1.5 sec cast.5 sec cooldown.
Burst of Experience New  Provides a significant increase to player experience. Instant.
Captured Spirit of the Father of Owls  The spirit of the owl hoots softly. 10 yd range. 2.9 sec cast. 6 sec cooldown.
Carnage Portal  Tell the Sentinar Sentinax to summon demonic portals in this area. 2 sec cast.
Court of Farondis Insignia  Grants 1,500 reputation with the Court of Farondis. Instant. up to Exalted reputation. Instant.
Domination Portal  Tell the Sentinar Sentinax to summon demonic portals in this area. 2 sec cast.
Dreamweaver Insignia  Grants 1,500 reputation with the Dreamweavers. Instant. up to Exalted reputation. Instant.
Elite Pennant  Name changed from "Honorable Pennant" to "Elite Pennant".
Empowering New  Grants 1 Artifact Power to your currently equipped Artifact. 2 sec cast.
Empowering New  Grants 1 Artifact Power to your currently equipped Artifact. 2 sec cast.
Empowering New  Grants 1 Artifact Power to your currently equipped Artifact. 2 sec cast.
Empowering New  Grants 1 Artifact Power to your currently equipped Artifact. 2 sec cast.
Empowering New  Grants 1 Artifact Power to your currently equipped Artifact. 2 sec cast.
Empowering New  Grants 1 Artifact Power to your currently equipped Artifact. 2 sec cast.
Empowering New  Grants 1 Artifact Power to your currently equipped Artifact. 2 sec cast.
Empowering New  Grants 1 Artifact Power to your currently equipped Artifact. 2 sec cast.
Empowering New  Grants 1 Artifact Power to your currently equipped Artifact. 2 sec cast.
Empowering New  Grants 1,000 Artifact Power to your currently equipped Artifact. 2 sec cast.
Empowering New  Grants 750 Artifact Power to your currently equipped Artifact. 2 sec cast.
Empowering New  Grants 1 Artifact Power to your currently equipped Artifact. 2 sec cast.
Empowering New  Grants 1 Artifact Power to your currently equipped Artifact. 2 sec cast.
Empowering New  Grants 1 Artifact Power to your currently equipped Artifact. 2 sec cast.
Engineering Portal  Tell the Sentinar Sentinax to summon demonic portals in this area. 2 sec cast.
Ensemble: Fearless Combatant's Cloth Armor  Name changed from "Ensemble: Fearless Combatant's Satin Armor" to "Ensemble: Fearless Combatant's Cloth Armor". Collect the appearances of the Fearless Combatant's Satin armor set. Instant. Fearless appearances of the Legion Season 1 and 2 Combatant's Cloth armor set. Instant.
Ensemble: Fearless Combatant's Cloth Armor  Name changed from "Ensemble: Fearless Combatant's Satin Armor" to "Ensemble: Fearless Combatant's Cloth Armor". Collect the appearances of the Fearless Combatant's Satin armor set. Instant. Fearless appearances of the Legion Season 1 and 2 Combatant's Cloth armor set. Instant.
Ensemble: Fearless Combatant's Leather Armor  Collect the appearances of the Fearless Combatant's Leather armor set. Instant. Fearless appearances of the Legion Season 1 and 2 Combatant's Cloth armor set. Instant.
Ensemble: Fearless Combatant's Leather Armor  Collect the appearances of the Fearless Combatant's Leather armor set. Instant. Fearless appearances of the Legion Season 1 and 2 Combatant's Cloth armor set. Instant.
Ensemble: Fearless Combatant's Mail Armor  Name changed from "Ensemble: Fearless Combatant's Chain Armor" to "Ensemble: Fearless Combatant's Mail Armor". Collect the appearances of the Fearless Combatant's Chain armor set. Instant. Fearless appearances of the Legion Season 1 and 2 Combatant's Leather armor set. Instant.
Ensemble: Fearless Combatant's Mail Armor  Name changed from "Ensemble: Fearless Combatant's Chain Armor" to "Ensemble: Fearless Combatant's Mail Armor". Collect the appearances of the Fearless Combatant's Chain armor set. Instant. Fearless appearances of the Legion Season 1 and 2 Combatant's Mail armor set. Instant.
Ensemble: Fearless Combatant's Plate Set  Collect the appearances of the Fearless Fearless appearances of the Legion Season 1 and 2 Combatant's Plate armor set. Instant.
Ensemble: Fearless Combatant's Plate Set  Collect the appearances of the Fearless Fearless appearances of the Legion Season 1 and 2 Combatant's Plate armor set. Instant.
Fel Growth  Commands the Sentinar Sentinax to fire a Fel Seed at your current location, causing starlight roses to rapidly grow. 2 sec cast.
Firestorm Portal  Tell the Sentinar Sentinax to summon demonic portals in this area. 2 sec cast.
Greater Carnage Portal  Tell the Sentinar Sentinax to empower the demonic portals in this area. 2 sec cast.
Greater Domination Portal  Tell the Sentinar Sentinax to empower the demonic portals in this area. 2 sec cast.
Greater Engineering Portal  Tell the Sentinar Sentinax to empower the demonic portals in this area. 2 sec cast.
Greater Firestorm Portal  Tell the Sentinar Sentinax to empower the demonic portals in this area. 2 sec cast.
Greater Torment Portal  Tell the Sentinar Sentinax to empower the demonic portals in this area. 2 sec cast.
Greater Warbeast Portal  Tell the Sentinar Sentinax to empower the demonic portals in this area. 2 sec cast.
Hammersmithing  Use your Blacksmithing skill to pound the shale into a mighty hammer. 4 sec cast. steel into a mighty hammer. Requires an anvil. 4 sec cast.
Hammersmithing  Use your Blacksmithing skill to pound the steel into a mighty hammer. 4 sec cast. Requires an anvil. 4 sec cast.
Hammersmithing  Use your Blacksmithing skill to pound the slag into a mighty hammer. 4 sec cast. steel into a mighty hammer. Requires an anvil. 4 sec cast.
Highmountain Tribe Insignia  Grants 1,500 reputation with the Highmountain Tribe. Instant. up to Exalted reputation. Instant.
Increase Item Level  Increases a Champion's item level by 10 levels. Instant. 1.5 sec cooldown. up to level 850. Instant. 1.5 sec cooldown.
Increase Item Level  Increases a Champion's item level by 5 levels. Instant. 1.5 sec cooldown. up to level 850. Instant. 1.5 sec cooldown.
Increase Item Level  Increases a Champion's item level by 15 levels. Instant. 1.5 sec cooldown. up to level 850. Instant. 1.5 sec cooldown.
Inky Blackness  Name changed from "Scroll of Night" to "Inky Blackness". Magically filters your perception of the world. Instant. Darkens the world around you. Instant.
Kil'jaeden's Burning Wish  Launch a vortex of destruction that seeks your current enemy. When it reaches the target, it explodes, dealing a critical strike to all enemies within 10 yds for 0 Fire damage. 100 80 yd range. Instant. 1.2 min cooldown.
Nightfallen Insignia  Grants 750 reputation with The Nightfallen. Instant. up to Exalted reputation. Instant.
Petrification  Commands the Sentinar Sentinax to fire a Petrum beam at your current location, turning everything in the area to felslate. 2 sec cast.
Prestigious Pennant  Name changed from "Honorable Pennant" to "Prestigious Pennant".
Summon An'thyna  Tell the Sentinar Sentinax to send a powerful demonic lieutenant to this area. 2 sec cast.
Summon Fel Obliterator  Tell the Sentinar Sentinax to send a powerful demonic lieutenant to this area. 2 sec cast.
Summon General Xillious  Tell the Sentinar Sentinax to send a powerful demonic lieutenant to this area. 2 sec cast.
Summon Illisthyndria  Tell the Sentinar Sentinax to send a powerful demonic lieutenant to this area. 2 sec cast.
Summon Skulguloth  Tell the Sentinar Sentinax to send a powerful demonic lieutenant to this area. 2 sec cast.
Summon Than'otalion  Tell the Sentinar Sentinax to send a powerful demonic lieutenant to this area. 2 sec cast.
Throw Back New  Summon an Ancient Vrykul Spirit. You must be near Corbyn in Stormheim. 12-15 yd range. Instant.
Throw Back New  Summon an Enormous Globule. You must be near Keeper Raynae in Val'sharah. 12-15 yd range. Instant.
Throw Back New  Summon the great Magicus. You must be near Sha'leth in Suramar. 12-15 yd range. Instant.
Throw Back New  Summon an Infernal Destroyer. You must be near Impus on the Broken Shore. 12-15 yd range. Instant.
Throw Back  Toss the mark back into the water Summon a Hatecoil Spirit. You must be near Ilyssia of the Waters in Azsuna. 12-15 yd range. Instant. 1 sec cooldown.
Throw Back New  Summon the spirit of Tarn Riverhorn. You must be near Akule Riverhorn in Highmountain. 12-15 yd range. Instant.
Torment Portal  Tell the Sentinar Sentinax to summon demonic portals in this area. 2 sec cast.
Valarjar Insignia  Grants 250 reputation with the Valarjar. Instant. up to Exalted reputation. Instant.
Valarjar Insignia  Grants 1,500 reputation with the Valarjar. Instant. up to Exalted reputation. Instant.
Warbeast Portal  Tell the Sentinar Sentinax to summon demonic portals in this area. 2 sec cast.
Warden Insignia  Grants 1,500 reputation with the Wardens. Instant. up to Exalted reputation. Instant.




Artifact Powers
 Death Knight Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Blood

Fortitude of the Ebon Blade Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10%, Armor by 10%, and Stamina by 25%. 


Frost

Ferocity of the Ebon Blade Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%.


Unholy

Cunning of the Ebon Blade Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%.


 Demon Hunter Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Havoc

Illidari Ferocity Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%.


Vengeance

Illidari Durability Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10%, Armor by 10%, and Stamina by 25%.


 Druid Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Balance

Radiance of the Cenarion Circle Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%.


Feral

Ferocity of the Cenarion Circle Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%.


Guardian

Fortitude of the Cenarion Circle Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10%, Armor by 10%, and Stamina by 25%.


Restoration

Grace of the Cenarion Circle Rank 1 New  Increases healing done by 10%, damage done by 10%, and Stamina by 25%.


 Hunter Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Beast Mastery

Bond of the Unseen Path Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%. 


Marksmanship

Acuity of the Unseen Path Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%.


Survival

Ferocity of the Unseen Path Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%.


 Mage Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Arcane

Intensity of the Tirisgarde Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%.


Fire

Instability of the Tirisgarde Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%.


Frost

Frigidity of the Tirisgarde Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%.


 Monk Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Brewmaster

Endurance of the Broken Temple Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10%, Armor by 10%, and Stamina by 25%.


Mistweaver

Mists of the Broken Temple Rank 1 New  Increases healing done by 10%, damage done by 10%, and Stamina by 25%.


Windwalker

Ferocity of the Broken Temple Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%. 


 Paladin Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Holy

Light of the Silver Hand Rank 1 New  Increases healing done by 10%, damage done by 10%, and Stamina by 25%.


Protection

Bulwark of the Silver Hand Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10%, Armor by 10%, and Stamina by 25%.


Retribution

Ferocity of the Silver Hand Rank 1 New  Templar's Verdict increases the damage of your next Blade of Justice by 10%.


 Priest Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Discipline

Will of the Conclave Rank 1 New  Increases healing done by 5%, damage done by 5%, and Stamina by 25%.


Holy

Light of the Conclave Rank 1 New  Increases healing done by 10%, damage done by 10%, and Stamina by 25%.
Light of T'uure Rank 1  Applies Light of the Naaru to the target, healing for [ 1 + 400% of Spell Power ] and increasing all healing you do your healing done to that target by 0% for 10 sec. Maximum 2 charges.


Shadow

Darkness of the Conclave Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%.


 Rogue Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Assassination

Silence of the Uncrowned Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%. 


Outlaw

Bravado of the Uncrowned Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%.


Subtlety

Shadows of the Uncrowned Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%.


 Shaman Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Elemental

Power of the Earthen Ring Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%.


Enhancement

Might of the Earthen Ring Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%.


Restoration

Echo of the Earthen Ring Rank 1 New  Increases healing done by 10%, damage done by 10%, and Stamina by 25%.


 Warlock Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Affliction

Degradation of the Black Harvest Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%.


Demonology

Swarms of the Black Harvest Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%.


Destruction

Flames of the Black Harvest Rank 1 New  Increases the damage of Conflagrate by 10%.


 Warrior Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Arms

Arms of the Valarjar Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%.


Fury

Fury of the Valarjar Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10% and Stamina by 25%. 


Protection

Protection of the Valarjar Rank 1 New  Increases damage by 10%, Armor by 10%, and Stamina by 25%.




Strings Changes

CONTRIBUTION_BUTTON_ONLY_WHEN_UNDER_CONSTRUCTION_TOOLTIP New - You can only contribute when the building is under construction
DUNGEON_FLOOR_TOMBOFSARGERASDUNGEON1 New - Hall of the Moon
DUNGEON_FLOOR_TOMBOFSARGERASDUNGEON2 New - Twilight Grove
DUNGEON_FLOOR_TOMBOFSARGERASDUNGEON3 New - The Emerald Archives
DUNGEON_FLOOR_TOMBOFSARGERASDUNGEON4 New - Path of Illumination
DUNGEON_FLOOR_TOMBOFSARGERASDUNGEON5 New - Sacristy of Elune
DUNGEON_FLOOR_TOMBRAID1 New - Chamber of the Moon
DUNGEON_FLOOR_TOMBRAID2 New - Lair of Harjatan
DUNGEON_FLOOR_TOMBRAID3 New - The Abyssal Throne
DUNGEON_FLOOR_TOMBRAID4 New - Terrace of the Moon
DUNGEON_FLOOR_TOMBRAID5 New - The Guardian's Sanctum
DUNGEON_FLOOR_TOMBRAID6 New - Chamber of the Avatar
DUNGEON_FLOOR_TOMBRAID7 New - Felstorm's Breach
DUNGEON_FLOOR_TOMBRAID8 New - The Twisting Nether
FIRST_NUMBER New - thousand
FOURTH_NUMBER New - trillion
LFG_LIST_BAD_DESCRIPTION - Offensive Description
LFG_LIST_BAD_LEADER_NAME - Offensive Leader Name
LFG_LIST_BAD_NAME - Offensive Group Name
PARAGON_REPUTATION_TOOLTIP_TEXT - Continue earning reputation with this faction to receive a reward. %s to receive a reward.
PLAYER_V_PLAYER_SEASON New - Player vs. Player [Legion Season %d]
QUEUED_STATUS_IN_PROGRESS - |cff19ff19 [In Progress]|r |cff19ff19In Progress|r
SECOND_NUMBER New - million
SPELL_FAILED_CUSTOM_ERROR_331 - The Sentinar The Sentinax is not patrolling this area.
SPELL_FAILED_CUSTOM_ERROR_332 - The Sentinar The Sentinax cannot open another portal right now.
SPELL_FAILED_CUSTOM_ERROR_333 New - You cannot gain additional reputation with this item.
SPELL_FAILED_CUSTOM_ERROR_334 New - Can't do that while in Ghost Wolf form.
SPELL_FAILED_CUSTOM_ERROR_335 New - Your supplies are frozen.
SPELL_MAX_CHARGES New - Max %d Charges
SPLASH_LEGION_NEW_7_2_RIGHT_TITLE - Forge Lead the Armies of Legionfall
THIRD_NUMBER New - billion