chaud2017-08-27, 07:50 PMPatch 7.3 - Argus
In Patch 7.3 we are taking the fight to the Legion by traveling to Argus ! 


After being recruited by Velen , you will travel to Argus  on the Draenei ship, The Vindicaar. 
The ship serves as your base on Argus, complete with an innkeeper, mailbox, profession trainers, portal to Dalaran, repairs, vendors, the Vindicaar Matrix Core, Navigation Console, Netherlight Crucible, and more. 
Veiled Argunite  is the Nethershard equivalent on Argus. It can be used to purchase tokens that create item level 910 gear. 
The Army of the Light  and Argussian Reach  are the two new factions  
There are three sub-zones on Argus: Krokuun , the Antoran Wastes , and Mac'Aree  
Each sub-zone has world quests and rares for you to kill, as well as Invasion Points 
The world quests on Argus reward item level 895+ gear.
After traveling to Argus, you can return to the Vindicaar by using a Lightforged Beacon located near the flight master in Dalaran  



<div class="gallery" id="gallery-argus">          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
         </div>


As the fel-scarred planet Argus looms in the skies overhead, Azeroth’s greatest heroes prepare a desperate mission into the heart of the Burning Legion’s stronghold. Succeed, and Azeroth may at last know peace; fail, and all worlds will burn. The battle against the forces of the Legion has all come down to this.

Thousands of years ago, the eredar of Argus lived in tranquility. The eredar’s three strong leaders —Archimonde, Kil’jaeden, and Velen—ruled their people in harmony. But the achievements of the eredar gained the attention of the the fallen titan, Sargeras.

When most of the populace turned to darkness under Sargeras’ control, becoming demons, Velen—gifted with the power of prophecy—guided his followers off the planet with the help of the naaru. They fled Argus, taking the name draenei, meaning “exiled ones.” Argus was devoured by the Burning Legion soon after.

The journey to Argus begins within the Exodar. Velen is gathering allies to join him on a journey most perilous aboard a new ship known as the Vindicaar. Once on Argus, adventurers progress through a series of story chapters in three new regions. Each week, new elements of the story on Argus become available, telling the tale of what was, what is, and what could be.


  

To help you prepare for your expedition to this hostile world, we’ve provided an itinerary for your time ahead:

Week 1: Begin the invasion of Argus and embark on an epic storyline beginning in Krokuun. Team up with the Army of the Light and take the fight to the very heart of the Legion in the Antoran Wastes. Gain access to new World Quests and Emissaries on Argus.
Week 2: Finish the story of Krokuun and travel to the ruined draenei city of Mac’Aree. Gain access to Invasion Points and thwart the Burning Legion’s plans on other worlds. Additional World Quests in Mac’Aree are available along with access to Invasion Points.
Week 3: Finish the Shadows of Argus storyline, unlock all World Quests, and venture into the new dungeon, the Seat of the Triumvirate. Activate your Netherlight Crucible on the Vindicaar to begin forging Relics.

The Hand of Fate
Your journey from Azeroth begins with the quest The Hand of Fate. Azeroth’s heroes are asked to travel to the Exodar and meet with Velen and his gathering allies—many of whom are familiar faces. It’s all hands on deck for the arduous task ahead.


  

Embarking on the Vindicaar
After you join up with Velen and the rest of the invasion party, it’s time to embark aboard the new draenei vessel — the Vindicaar. It serves as the base of operations for your time on Argus and is outfitted with a variety of conveniences that become accessible over time, including an innkeeper, mailbox, profession trainers, portal to Dalaran, repairs, quest givers, vendors, the Vindicaar Matrix Core, Navigation Console, and Netherlight Crucible.

Netherlight Crucible
The Netherlight Crucible is a forge that will help you enhance the relics on your Artifact weapon. As you progress through the storyline on Argus, you’ll unlock the forge’s abilities and the additional power of your Artifact weapon through your chosen relics.

Navigation Console
The Navigation Console aboard the Vindicaar connects to beacons on the surface of Argus. These beacons will help you quickly travel from point to point throughout Argus and back to the Vindicaar when needed.

The Matrix Core
Several Vindicaar powers unlock within the Matrix Core at the heart of the ship as you progress through Argus. These powers can be used to aid you along the way.


Light’s Judgment  This allows you to target and fire Light’s Judgment, the Vindicaar’s main weapon, while on Argus.
Lightforged Warframe  This allows use of the Lightforged Warframe mechanized armor suit while on Argus.
Shroud of Arcane Echoes  This allows the use of the Shroud of Arcane Echoes’ power, making you untargetable by enemies for a limited time while on Argus.
Fel Heart  The Fel Heart of Argus allows you, when on Argus, to be brought back to life after taking fatal damage and continually heal while not in combat.


Thaumaturge Vashreen Ethereal Vendor
Veiled Argunite  can be earned in a variety of ways including killing rare elite mobs. Much like Nethershards on the Broken Shore, this currency can be used to purchase Relinquished items  from Thaumaturge Vashreen  that create ilvl 910 soulbound gear for your specialization.

Profession Trainers
Not all Profession trainers can be found on the Vindicaar, but with a new world to exploit explore, there are new opportunities for new crafted items. Azeroth’s finest will need the best equipment to take on the challenges ahead— and opportunity awaits for their crafters.


  

Taking the High Ground 
Like the Broken Shore, the demonic forces of the Burning Legion aren’t going to roll out the red carpet for you. To get a foothold on the surface of Argus, you’ll need to make sure the Vindicaar is protected from the Legion’s defenses. While the devastation to this once shining world is widespread, there are bright spots among the new —and perhaps old—allies along the way. There are two new factions to encounter along the way: the Army of the Light and Argussian Reach.


The Army of the Light  The Army of the Light has been at war with the Legion on Argus for centuries, engaging in tactical guerilla strikes using their warship, the Xenedar. While outnumbered, they aren’t down—and they’re certainly not out. They continue to fight with cunning, striking at points of opportunity quickly and moving on.
Argussian Reach  Although many struggled to oppose the Burning Legion's conquest of Argus, not all were able to escape. Emboldened by the arrival of new allies, these refugees and outcasts stand united in their mission to reclaim their home.



  

Traveling Argus
Lightforged Beacons are similar to flight paths and are discovered as you progress through the storylines within Krokuun, Antaron Wastes, and Mac’Aree. These beacons transport you quickly back to the Vindicaar or out to any additional beacons you’ve discovered throughout the three regions.

New World Quests
As with the Broken Isles and Broken Shore, World Quests become available throughout the various regions as you venture through Argus. They offer a variety of rewards and a new Emissary Quests that align with the new factions Army of the Light and Argussian Reach.

There’s plenty to learn about both past and present Argus as you progress through the regions and experience the stories of those who have been impacted by the Burning Legion. For some, it will be a tale of redemption; for others, it is a tale of deepest loss. In the end, it’s a story that the future of Azeroth depends on.