chaud2017-08-17, 05:07 PMBlizzard Entertainment at gamescom 2017
Blizzard recently updated the beta build of WoW from Patch 7.1 to Patch 7.3, likely updating it from the previous BlizzCon build to the gamescom build.
Blizzard is heading back to Cologne, Germany next week for gamescom 2017! The event takes place from August 22–26, and we’ll be there to put on our best show yet.

We’ll kick things off by releasing a special preview video of all the playable content we’ll be showcasing at gamescom. Be sure to mark your calendar for 18:00 CEST on Monday, August 21, and head to YouTube  to watch it. Subscribe  to our channel to be sure you don’t miss it!

At 18:00 CEST on Wednesday, August 23, members of our game development teams will take to our main stage for the Blizzard Reveal Ceremony, which will be live-streamed on 

Throughout gamescom, visitors to the Blizzard booth in Hall 7 of the Koelnmesse will have the chance to play the latest content for Overwatch, Hearthstone, World of Warcraft, Heroes of the Storm, StarCraft II, StarCraft: Remastered, and Diablo III. Of course, we’ll also have some epic entertainment in store, including our Blizzard Cosplay Contest and two performances from Video Games Live—these activities and more will be viewable via live stream on the website.

Our full schedule of activities is now available on , and you’ll find an overview of each game below.

Overwatch

Visitors to the Blizzard booth will be able to experience a brand-new Overwatch map—tune in to our preview video on Monday when details will be revealed.

The world premiere of a new Overwatch animated short will take place on our main stage and via live stream during the Blizzard Reveal Ceremony on Wednesday.

We’ll be showcasing some impressive Doomfist cosplay on our main stage on Wednesday.

The German voice actors from Overwatch will be doing a live performance on Thursday.

Overwatch FX Artist Rachel Day will be presenting her work on the making of Doomfist live on Friday.

Members of the German Overwatch World Cup team will be doing an on-stage panel on Saturday.


Hearthstone

Hearthstone players can enjoy an early look at new Fireside Gathering features during gamescom, where they’ll join forces in a whole new kind of Fireside Brawl: a group raid against the Lich King.

We’ll find out which country’s players will rise above the rest as the Hearthstone Global Games Finals take place live on our Hearthstone stage on Friday and Saturday—choose your champion  to win a card pack, and watch the tournament live-streamed on www.twitch.tv/playhearthstone.

To celebrate the latest expansion, Knights of the Frozen Throne, gamers in Cologne will be able to grab a free frozen treat and participate in Hearthstone activities at the gamescom city festival—where the Hearthstone traveling ice cream truck will be making its final European stop on the Ice Cream Citadel tour on Friday and Saturday from 15:00-23:00.


World of Warcraft

Gamers will be able to group up with other gamescom attendees and run through a dungeon from World of Warcraft’s upcoming Patch 7.3—details about this content update will be unveiled on stage and via live stream during the Blizzard Reveal Ceremony on Wednesday.

Twelve top-ranked Arena teams will battle it out in the WoW European Championship Finals on our World of Warcraft stage from Wednesday to Saturday for a share of the $100,000 USD prize pool and the chance to compete in the WoW Arena World Championship Finals at BlizzCon later this year—watch the live stream on 

Visitors to the Blizzard booth will be able to attend a live Darkmoon Faire, which will include activities like an airbrush makeup station and photo opportunities with iconic WoW statues and items.

Top European World of Warcraft guilds Nova and Set Sail For Fail will race against each other in Mythic dungeons live on stage on Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday.


Heroes of the Storm

Blizzard booth visitors will be able to get some hands-on play time with our latest Hero—details will be revealed in our Monday preview video.

Heroes of the Storm: Showdown will see community personalities and pros duking it out in live show matches on our main stage—including Team Liquid and Team Expert on Wednesday, and popular German YouTubers ApeCrime and PietSmiet on Friday.

Carbot Animations will be doing a Heroes of the Storm drawing session live on stage on Thursday.


StarCraft

Our newest co-op commander will be playable for the first time at the Blizzard booth—tune in to our preview video on Monday when details are unveiled.

StarCraft: Remastered, our recently released modernization of the classic award-winning real-time strategy game and its Brood War expansion, will also be available to play on the show floor.

Well-known StarCraft players White-Ra, iNcontroL and TLO will clash in exciting live StarCraft II and StarCraft: Remastered show matches on Wednesday, Thursday, and Saturday.


Diablo III

Attendees at gamescom will be able to command legions of the risen dead and wield the dark arts with Diablo III’s Rise of the Necromancer pack, playable on PC and PlayStation 4.


We’ll also feature our famous dance contest on Friday and our cosplay contest on Saturday, as well as signing sessions, quizzes, and more on our main stage—including performances from Video Games Live on Thursday and Friday. Remember to visit  for the full schedule of activities.

In addition, gamescom attendees can pick up a selection of Blizzard merchandise, including some brand-new and convention-exclusive items, at the Blizzard store in Hall 5.

Daily Live Streams
Those who can’t make it to gamescom 2017 in person will still be able to catch all the excitement via daily live streams on  Well-known streamers will also be bringing you live action from the Blizzard booth—visit the website for details, and follow our social media channels for the latest news live from the event!


Trial of Style - Do Your Little Turn on the Catwalk
Trial of Style is finally live this week! 


Six players enter the Mogwalk and change their transmog and haircut to match one of the themes below. 
Two players are teleported to the stage and the remaining players vote. 
First, second, and third place receive prizes, while everyone else gets a consolation prize. 
These prizes contain varying amounts of Trial of Style Token , which can be exchanged for transmoggable gear at Transmog NPCs.

Fashionable Undershirt  - 1 x Trial of Style Token 
Ensemble: Der'izu Armor  - 60 x Trial of Style Token 
Ensemble: Mana-Etched Regalia  - 60 x Trial of Style Token 
Ensemble: Obsidian Prowler's Garb  - 60 x Trial of Style Token 
Ensemble: Righteous Battleplate  - 60 x Trial of Style Token 




<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

        


HOLIDAY_TRANSMOG_THEME_01 New - Theme: Summer Styles
HOLIDAY_TRANSMOG_THEME_02 New - Theme: Winter Wear
HOLIDAY_TRANSMOG_THEME_03 New - Theme: Ready for Battle
HOLIDAY_TRANSMOG_THEME_04 New - Theme: Fun and Flirty
HOLIDAY_TRANSMOG_THEME_05 New - Theme: Mismatched Mayhem
HOLIDAY_TRANSMOG_THEME_06 New - Theme: Fire and Ice
HOLIDAY_TRANSMOG_THEME_07 New - Theme: Dark and Deadly
HOLIDAY_TRANSMOG_THEME_08 New - Theme: Faction Pride
HOLIDAY_TRANSMOG_THEME_09 New - Theme: Primal Style
HOLIDAY_TRANSMOG_THEME_10 New - Theme: Heroes of Azeroth
HOLIDAY_TRANSMOG_THEME_11 New - Theme: Make Me Laugh
HOLIDAY_TRANSMOG_THEME_12 New - Theme: Tabard Time
HOLIDAY_TRANSMOG_THEME_13 New - Theme: Everyday Heroes
HOLIDAY_TRANSMOG_THEME_14 New - Theme: Epic Purple
HOLIDAY_TRANSMOG_THEME_15 New - Theme: Champions of the Light
HOLIDAY_TRANSMOG_THEME_16 New - Theme: Freestyle!


Ladies and gentlemen of the Horde and Alliance, it’s time to synchronize your wardrobes and prepare to do battle. The Trial of Style has arrived and it’s time to put your transmogrification skills to the test.

You’re Invited!

When: August 17–21
Where: Queue for the 5-player scenario at your friendly neighborhood Transmog NPC
What: Contestants will have two minutes to create transmog sets from within their collection, based on themes in the scenario. Two players at a time will be pulled up on stage to strike a pose and show off their creation— leaving the remaining three to vote on who of the two has managed to capture the theme best.

No peeking! It comes as no shock that you'll be properly smocked before the competition begins.

Strike a pose and shake your little tush...on the catwalk. When the glitter settles, you'll earn your just rewards.

Once the glitter settles and the rounds of voting have completed First Place , Second Place , and Third Place  winners will be awarded. Don’t worry, even if you don’t win, there’s always the Trial of Style Consolation Prize  These prizes contain Trial of Style Tokens  which can be redeemed for special transmog gear in Dalaran.

Fashion conscious citizens of Azeroth can also take advantage of Transmogrification and Barbershop services for free during the Trial of Style. Even if you don’t participate, you can adjust your hairstyle and transmog for no gold cost while the event is active.

Are you ready to dress to impress?