chaud2018-04-27, 03:44 AMPet Battle Updates in Battle for Azeroth
So i can just level pets in Elwynn Forest now?
To clarify, the trainers you will battle for Battle for Azeroth World Quests will scale to the level of the highest level pet on your current pet team, allowing you to complete the World Quest with low-level pets.

While we may expand this system to other trainers and battles a few already use it, like Crysa, we don't plan to expand it to wild pets at this time.

No plans currently to expand the cap, are you finding that you're out of pet space?

We're looking into the difficulty of getting the 1500 pets item in a BfA world.

We’d like to take a moment to discuss Battle Pet philosophies as they pertain to current nerfs, future buffs, and Master Trainers.

We like adding new Battle Pets in expansion packs with powerful abilities. Along with this, we generally “retire” pets that have seen many days of spotlight in both PvP and PvE. Recently you have seen this with the Bone Serpent and friends. 

By doing so, we hope to keep both the PvE and PvP meta-games fresh, interesting, and involving player-driven strategies. We don’t intend to increase the level cap or rarity of pets, so this approach allows us to update both past and future content, unlocking new strategies for players that intend to collect them all. It’s analogous to Hearthstone moving some cards to Wild – it allows for the new expansion, and its abilities, to shine, without an ever-increasing power level for all pets that ultimately becomes unsustainable.

Ultimately, this empowers the player that has the largest collection – and this is what Pet Battles is all about. If you have a large stable, you will find that previously-underpowered things bubble up to the surface when other things sink, and your ability to collect them all will ultimately best allow you to weather the storm of change.

If you find that any older content becomes very difficult as a result of these changes, we’d like to hear from you – new combos should allow you to overcome older challenges, but we have a LOT of Trainers in WoW, so you never know when one may surprise you or us. 


Battleground Updates in Battle for Azeroth
Strand of the Ancients
Strand of the Ancients has been removed in Battle for Azeroth. Official Forums 

Large Battlegrounds - Battle for Azeroth
As of right now Alterac Valley and Isle of Conquest are the only two battlegrounds in the 'large random battleground' list. Official Forums 


Class Changes in Battle for Azeroth
 Monk Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / Artifact Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 
Renewing Mist
Thanks for all the followup on Renewing Mist. In an upcoming beta build, we're likely going to try having Renewing Mist automatically try to jump, if you cast a new one that would overwrite it. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

 Paladin Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / Artifact Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 
Holy Paladin Feedback
We want to keep Beacon of Faith, but also have that row be competitive. Even though we rarely do kiss/curse talents, this is a case where it's worth it to use the % transfer to balance the talent. It's also deceptively strong, because even though it looks like "30% reduction" means you get only 1.4x the usual benefit of Beacon--in reality you often cast on one of the two tanks, get the mana return consolation prize, get any set bonuses or traits that trigger, and still get 70% benefit from the other beacon. Long story short, agreed that the health of that row depends on things being able to compete with Beacon of Faith. Divine Purpose is still something we want to try on that row, as a more all-purpose talent that's not as situation-dependent as all of the Beacon variants.

Awakening may well need to be stronger. Its tuning should reflect a premium for the fact that it's uncontrolled. It's already buffed from The Topless Tower to try to better account for that; we'll keep an eye on it at least.

Holy Prism may well need to be stronger also. But, like many talents that add new damage/healing buttons, it's already getting stronger relative to its peers due to the departure of Artifacts. We'll see if that's enough on its new row.

We like Beacon of Virtue as well! Nothing planned there other than any minor tuning that may arise. Official Forums 

 Rogue Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / Artifact Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 
Garrote and Iron Wire
Garrote modified by Iron Wire will have a 5 second duration in PvP in the next build silence and damage reduction. We'll continue to monitor the strength of this talent in PvP situations in Beta, thanks for the feedback! Official Forums 