chaud2018-05-01, 06:11 PMChildren's Week 2018
This year, Children's Week  will run from April 30th through May 7th. During this time, players can adopt orphans from capital cities and show them around the world to be rewarded with up to 10 holiday pets.


Adopt an Orphan or Three
There are several orphans both Horde and Alliance players can adopt during Children's Week, each with individual quests lines to complete. Each quest line has several pets for you to choose from as a reward. Iif you already have all the pets, the Pet Care Package  is an alternative reward which contains a variety of pet items.

Horde Orphans
You can adopt the Orcish orphan Grunth from Orphan Matron Battlewail  in Orgrimmar  and the Blood Elf orphan Salandria from Orphan Matron Mercy  in Shattrath City  You can adopt both orphans at the same time and complete their quest simultaneously.

Orcish Orphan - Grunth
In order to pick up Children's Week  from Orphan Matron Battlewail  in Orgrimmar , you must be level 10 or above. Summon your orphan using the Orcish Orphan Whistle  and complete the quest.


      

Three quests become available once you turn in Children's Week 

Ridin' the Rocketway  - Head to the Southern Rocketway Terminus in Azshara  and board the Redhound Two-Seater prototype at the top of the tower.
The Banshee Queen  - Take your orphan to meet Lady Sylvanas Windrunner  in the Royal Quarter of the Undercity 
The Fallen Chieftain  - Take your orphan to Red Rocks in Mulgore  to visit the funeral pyre of Cairne Bloodhoof 


Once you complete these three quests, two more quests become available:

You Scream, I Scream…  - Purchase Cone of Cold  ice cream from Snixx Quickfreeze  in the Goblin Slums in Orgrimmar  and then share it with your orphan.
Let's Go Fly a Kite  - Purchase a Dragon Kite 2-Pack  from Blax Bottlerocket  in the Drag in Orgrimmar  then use it to fly kites with your orphan.


Once you complete these two quests, the final quest becomes available:

A Warden of the Horde  - Purchase a Foam Sword Rack  from Blax Bottlerocket  for your orphan then return to Orphan Matron Battlewail  


As a reward, you will be given a choice between a Pet Care Package , Curmudgeon's Payoff , or one of these pets:

Piglet's Collar  - Mr. Wiggles 
Rat Cage  - Whisker's the Rat 
Turtle Box  - Speedy 
Snail Shell  - Scooter the Snail 



<div class="gallery" id="gallery-OrcPet">        </div>

Blood Elf Orphan - Salandria
In order to pick up Children's Week  from Orphan Matron Mercy  in Shattrath City , you must be level 60 or above. Summon your orphan using the Blood Elf Orphan Whistle  and complete the quest.


    

Three quests become available once you turn in Children's Week 

Hch'uu and the Mushroom People  - Take your orphan to Sporeggar  in Zangamarsh  and speak with Hch'uu 
Visit the Throne of the Elements  - Take your orphan to the Throne of the Elements in Nagrand Outland  and speak to Elemetalist Sharvak 
A Trip to the Dark Portal  - Take your orphan up the steps of the Stair of Destiny to stand before the Dark Portal in Hellfire Peninsula 


Once you complete these three quests, two more quests become available:

Now, When I Grow Up…  - Take your orphan to see the Elite Tauren Chieftain at the Walk of Elders in Silvermoon City 
Time to Visit the Caverns  - Take your orphan to stand before Zaladormu  in the middle of the Caverns of Time in Tanaris  Then, purchase a Toy Dragon  from Alurmi  for her.


Once you complete these two quests, the final quest becomes available:

Back to the Orphanage  - Return to Orphan Matron Mercy  in Shattrath City 


As a reward, you will be given a choice between a Pet Care Package  or one of the following pets:


Egbert's Egg  - Egbert 
Elekk Training Collar  - Peanut 
Sleepy Willy  - Willy 
Legs  - Legs 



<div class="gallery" id="gallery-bePet">        </div>


Alliance Orphans
You can adopt the Human orphan Randis from Orphan Matron Nightgale  in Stormwind City  and the Draenei orphan Dornaa from Orphan Matron Mercy  in Shattrath City  You can adopt both orphans at the same time and complete their quest simultaneously.

Human Orphan - Randis
In order to pick up Children's Week from Orphan Matron Nightgale  in Stormwind City , you must be level 10 or above. Summon your orphan using the Human Orphan Whistle  and complete the quest.


    

Three quests become available once you turn in Children's Week 

Cruisin' the Chasm  - Travel to Sentinel Hill in Westfall  and rent a chopper from Twilber Torquewrench  to tour the Raging Chasm with your orphan.
Malfurion Has Returned!  - Take your orphan to meet Malfurion Stormrage  in the Temple of the Moon in Darnassus 
The Biggest Diamond Ever!  - Take your orphan to Ironforge  and visit King Magni Bronzebeard  in Old Ironforge. Talk to Advisor Belgrum  when you arrive.


Once you complete these three quests, two more quests become available:

You Scream, I Scream…  - Purchase Cone of Cold  ice cream from Hans Coldhearth  in the Blue Recluse in Stormwind City  and then share it with your orphan.
Let's Go Fly a Kite  - Purchase a Dragon Kite 2-Pack  from Craggle Wobbletop  in the Trade District in Stormwind City  then use it to fly kites with your orphan.


Once you complete these two quests, the final quest becomes available:

A Warden of the Alliance  - Purchase a Foam Sword Rack  from Craggle Wobbletop  for your orphan then return to Orphan Matron Nightgale 


As a reward, you will be given a choice between a Pet Care Package , Curmudgeon's Payoff  or one of these pets:


Piglet's Collar  - Mr. Wiggles 
Rat Cage  - Whisker's the Rat 
Turtle Box  - Speedy 
Snail Shell  - Scooter the Snail 



<div class="gallery" id="gallery-bePetCom">        </div>

Draenei Orphan - Dornaa
In order to pick up Children's Week  from Orphan Matron Mercy  in Shattrath City , you must be level 60 or above. Summon your orphan using the Draenei Orphan Whistle  and complete the quest.


    

Three quests become available once you turn in Children's Week 

Auchindoun and the Ring of Observance  - Take your orphan to the meeting stone at the Ring of Observance in the middle of Auchindoun in Terokkar Forrest  and help her summon an Alliance Adventurer 
Jheel is at Aeris Landing!  - Take your orphan to Aeris Landing in Nagrand Outland  and speak with Jheel 
A Trip to the Dark Portal  - Take your orphan up the steps of the Stair of Destiny to stand before the Dark Portal in Hellfire Peninsula 


Once you complete these three quests, three more quests become available:

The Seat of the Naaru  - Take your orphan to stand before O'ros  at the bottom of the Seat of the Naaru inside of The Exodar 
Call on the Farseer  - Take your orphan to Farseer Nobundo  at the Crystal Hall inside of The Exodar 
Time to Visit the Caverns  - Take your orphan to stand before Zaladormu  in the middle of the Caverns of Time in Tanaris  Then purchase a Toy Dragon  from Alurmi  for her.


Once you complete these two quests, the final quest becomes available:

Back to the Orphanage  - Return to Orphan Matron Mercy  in Shattrath City 


As a reward, you will be given a choice between a Pet Care Package  or one of the following pets:


Egbert's Egg  - Egbert 
Elekk Training Collar  - Peanut 
Sleepy Willy  - Willy 
Legs  - Legs 



<div class="gallery" id="gallery-drPet">        </div>


Neutral Orphans
Horde and Alliance players can choose either the Oracle orphan Roo or the Wolvar Orphan Kekek from Orphan Matron Aria  in Dalaran Northrend  You can only choose one orphan per character, so if you want both pets in the same year you can do so with an alt. In order to pick up these quests you must be level 70 or above.


  

Oracle Orphan - Roo
Talk to Orphan Matron Aria  and choose Little Orphan Roo Of The Oracles  to receive the Oracle Orphan Whistle  Summon your orphan and you will be offered these quests.


The Biggest Tree Ever!  - Take your orphan to visit Grizzlemaw in Grizzly Hills 
The Bronze Dragonshrine  - Take your orphan to visit the Bronze Dragonshrine in Dragonblight 
Playmates!  - Take your orphan to visit Winterfin Retreat in Borean Tundra 
Meeting a Great One  - Take your orphan to visit the Etymidian  at the Shaper's Terrace in Un'Goro Crater 
The Dragon Queen  - Take your orphan to visit Alexstrasza the Life-Binder  at the top of Wyrmrest Temple in Dragonblight 
A Trip To The Wonderworks  - Purchase a Small Paper Zeppelin  from Jepetto Joybuzz  in the Wonderworks in Dalaran Northrend , then throw it to your orphan.


Once you complete these quest, the final quest becomes available:

Back To The Orphanage  - Return to Orphan Matron Aria  in Dalaran Northrend 


The first time you complete this quest on a character, you will be rewarded with the Curious Oracle Hatchling  If you complete it again on the same character, you will be able to choose between a Pet Care Package  or a Curmudgeon's Payoff 


  

Wolvar Orphan - Kekek
Talk to Orphan Matron Aria  and choose Little Orphan Kekek Of The Wolvar  to receive the Wolvar Orphan Whistle  Summon your orphan and you will be offered these quests.


Home Of The Bear-Men  - Take your orphan to visit Grizzlemaw in Grizzly Hills 
The Bronze Dragonshrine  - Take your orphan to visit the Bronze Dragonshrine in Dragonblight 
Playmates!  - Take your orphan to visit Snowfall Glade in Dragonblight 
The Dragon Queen  - Take your orphan to visit Alexstrasza the Life-Binder  at the top of Wyrmrest Temple in Dragonblight 
The Mighty Hemet Nesingwary  - Take your orphan to visit Hemet Nesingwary  at the Nesingwary Base Camp in Sholazar Basin 
A Visit To The Wonderworks  - Purchase a Small Paper Zeppelin  from Jepetto Joybuzz  in the Wonderworks in Dalaran Northrend , then throw it to your orphan.


Once you complete these quest, the final quest becomes available:

Back To The Orphanage  - Return to Orphan Matron Aria  in Dalaran Northrend 


The first time you complete this quest on a character, you will be rewarded with the Curious Wolvar Pup  If you complete it again on the same character, you will be able to choose between a Pet Care Package  or a Curmudgeon's Payoff 


  


Toys
Two toys are available from Blax Bottlerocket  in Orgrimmar  and Craggle Wobbletop  in Stormwind City  only during Children's Week. You can only use these toys during the holiday as well.


Green Balloon  - Summon a green balloon. Cost 10 silver.
Yellow Balloon  - Summon a yellow balloon. Cost 10 silver.



   


Achievements
Complete the following achievements to complete For The Children  which awards you with the title 'Matron ' or 'Patron ' depending on your character's gender. For The Children  is also required for What a Long Strange Trip It's Been  that rewards the Reins of the Violet Proto-Drake , so be sure not to skip out if you're going for the mount!


Home Alone  - Use your hearthstone while your orphan is with you.
Bad Example  - Eat a list of sweets while your orphan is watching.
Daily Chores  - Complete five daily quests with your orphan out.
Aw, Isn't it Cute?  - Obtain one of the Children's Week reward pets through questing.
School of Hard Knocks  - Take your orphan into the battlegrounds and complete specific feats.
Hail To The King, Baby  - Defeat King Ymiron  in Utgarde Pinnacle  with your orphan out.


The only achievement that is not part of the meta is Veteran Nanny.

Veteran Nanny  - Acquire Egbert's Egg , Sleepy Willy , and Elekk Training Collar  on one character.