Stoy2018-02-24, 02:54 AMHatching of the Hippogryphs Livehoth
Hatching of the Hippogryphs  is a micro-holiday that allows players to witness the hatching of hippogryphs in Feralas. This event runs through February 23rd.


This event takes place in the Frayfeather Highlands  in Feralas.
You can stand near an egg for a short while to keep it warm so that it hatches.
Once an egg hatches, you have a baby hippogryph on your shoulder for one day. 
You can kill Lorthalium  to obtain a Spectral Feather, which will keep your hippogryph around for five days.



    


Duncan Jones Syfy Interview
Duncan Jones recently had an interview on syfy  to discuss many things including the Warcraft film.

What was the hardest scene you ever had to shoot or write?
Warcraft was a political minefield as far as filmmaking goes. And I think a lot of the rewriting in that, over the course of making the movie was really, really difficult and at times disheartening. Just being forced to make changes and compromises just due to the politics and the nature of that film. So, that was a real heart-wrencher. But I've learned a lot and I've become more mature and able to deal with those kinds of situations because I've been through it now. But at the time, that felt pretty traumatic.

It was mainly studio politics. You know, Legendary had an incredibly turbulent period while we were making Warcraft. They were associated with Warner Bros. They left Warner Bros. and joined Universal. They were sold to Wanda, this Chinese conglomerate. They lost or replaced a number of their producing staff halfway through our movie.

And at the same time as all of that, we were also working with Blizzard, who understandably were very careful about what happened with the movie because their bread and butter was the game Warcraft, which was bringing in a billion dollars a year for them. So, whatever we did with the movie was likely to be small potatoes compared to how important the game was for them. So it was really a very active political landscape.

I think I learned a lot from that experience and if I ever put myself in that situation again, even though I went into it eyes open, I'm a lot wiser now.

What was your best day on set, and what happened?
I would say one of the things about Warcraft is that we got to build some phenomenal, huge film sets and one of them was the exterior of the city of Stormwind. We built this huge chunk of the town.


This Week in WoW History
We're taking a look back at old MMO-Champion posts and World of Warcraft news that occurred during this time in previous years.

PTR Patch 4.1
The first content patch of the Cataclysm was set to bring back two iconic raids in the form of 5-man dungeons. After the zones were reworked, the mounts which previously dropped also became unobtainable and replaced with new ones. The two dungeons, Zul’aman and Zul’gurub were both accessible through the dungeon finder, with Zul’aman having a special timer which guaranteed the drop of a mount if completed in time.


  

Method vs. Dragon Soul
Method made a cinematic style video that showed off the Dragon Soul raid. The movie included all of the cinematics and boss fights.


  

Nightsong
The Video Game Music Choir VGMC performed the song “Nightsong” from the Cataclysm soundtrack and uploaded their interpretation to their YouTube channel. The VGMC has created multiple interpretations of game music, however their Warcraft song remains one of the most popular.


  

Warlords of Draenor Press Event
Blizzard held a few press events throughout Europe and Korea, revealing some new information about the new expansion. After the press events new in-game footage and screenshots were revealed and shared across media-sites. The events mostly showed off the starting zones of the expansions and Garrison construction.


  

PvP Brawls
2017 introduced a new feature for everyone who enjoys casual Battlegrounds. The new PvP Brawls were set to rotate on a timer and rewarded participants with extra rewards. The initial set of Brawls included the Gravity Lapse, Tarren Mill vs. Southshore and the Warsong Scramble. More modes were added after the success of this new battleground type.


  


Sean Copeland Back on Twitter
Sean Copeland, better known as Loreology , is active again on Twitter.

I'm back, lore friends! You amazing folks still doing OK? llorewalker 


Potential New Overwatch Hero Explained: Emre Sarioglu
The Overwatch community has come up with some theories on who the next hero could be.


<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>