chaud2018-04-05, 01:01 PMBattle for Azeroth Collector's Edition
In addition to the content from the Digital Deluxe version , the Collector's Edition of Battle for Azeroth 99.99 USD will include:


Horde & Alliance Double-Sided Mark of Allegiance: Declare your allegiance with this hefty two-sided emblem stand included.
Hardcover Double-Sided Book: Elegy & A Good War: This limited-edition hardback collects two new World of Warcraft novellas depicting the Burning of Teldrassil from the points of view of the Alliance and the Horde. Each story includes original artwork exclusive to this edition. Written by Christie Golden and Robert Brooks. 

Digital versions of Elegy and A Good War without the exclusive artwork will also be available to read online later this year

Battle for Azeroth Digital Soundtrack: Each Collector’s Edition contains a key to download the stirring orchestral pieces from the expansion’s soundtrack—the perfect mood music for laying siege to your enemies. 



     

<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

        


Battle for Azeroth™: Collector’s Edition
While Azeroth bleeds, the armies of the Horde and Alliance meet again on the fields of battle. Prepare for all-out war with this limited edition collector’s set, featuring rare and commemorative items to boost morale for the coming conflict.

Double-Sided Story Book: Elegy & A Good War
Every great war story has two sides. This limited edition hardback version collects two new World of Warcraft novellas depicting the Burning of Teldrassil from the point of view of the Alliance Elegy, by Christie Golden and the Horde A Good War, by Robert Brooks. Each story includes original artwork exclusive to this edition*.

Horde & Alliance Double-Sided Mark of Allegiance
Declare your allegiance with this hefty, double-sided Mark of Allegiance. Place it somewhere prominent, with your chosen faction proudly facing out into the world for all to see. Includes stand.

Collector’s Edition Digital Soundtrack
A digital key to download the stirring orchestral pieces from the Battle for Azeroth soundtrack, the perfect mood music for laying siege to your enemies. 

World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth PC/Mac Game Key
Digital key to unlock the full version of Battle for Azeroth.

Epic In-Game Content
Unlock a treasure trove of Horde- and Alliance-themed in-game content within World of Warcraft and across other Blizzard games:

World of Warcraft

Gilded Ravasaur Horde Mount
Seabraid Stallion Alliance Mount
Tottle, The Baby Tortollan Pet
Character Boost to Level 110


Hearthstone

Azeroth is Burning Card Back


Heroes of the Storm

Primal Flamesaber Mount


Overwatch

Tracer Alliance Banner & Horde Banner Emotes
Torbjorn For the Alliance & For the Horde Emotes
Zandalar & Kul’Tiras Icons
Anduin, Jaina, Sylvanas and Varok Sprays


StarCraft II

Alliance & Horde Sprays


The Battle for Azeroth Collector’s Edition costs $99.99 and is available to pre-order now. Check with your local retailer for details.

Upgrading from Standard or Digital Deluxe to Collector’s Edition
If you’ve purchased a digital copy of Battle for Azeroth, but want to upgrade to the Collector’s Edition, we will automatically credit you the cost of the digital copy in Blizzard Balance - as long as you enter the Collector’s Edition key before 11:59pm PST on December 31, 2018. When you enter the key from your Collector’s Edition, we will see the original transaction on your account and the credit will kick in. Remember, you will need to enter the Collector’s Edition key before the end of the year, as automatic Blizzard Balance credits will be turned off at 11:59pm PST on December 31, 2018.

Please note, if you bought a standard edition then upgraded to a digital deluxe, you will be credited for the original copy only.

Standard Digital / Digital Deluxe > Collector’s Edition
If you bought the Standard OR Digital Deluxe copy of Battle for Azeroth and pre-ordered the Collector’s Edition, your Blizzard Balance credit will be the price you paid for the original copy.

Standard Digital > Digital Deluxe > Collector’s Edition
If you bought the Standard digital copy, upgraded to Digital Deluxe at a later date, then pre-ordered the Collector’s Edition of Battle for Azeroth, your Blizzard Balance credit will be the price you paid for the original Standard Edition.

*Both stories will become available online later this year, but buying the Collector’s Edition will remain the only way to own the exclusive hardback version containing original artwork.