chaud2018-01-22, 10:13 PMChanges to Recruit-A-Friend - Now Live
In Patch 7.3.5, we made significant changes to the level 1–100 experience to ensure players can better enjoy the stories, quest lines, and zones they want to at their own pace. Because of this, we are adjusting the XP bonus on the Recruit-A-Friend RAF program to ensure it reflects the updated pacing of the game as new players level their characters and explore Azeroth.

Dynamic Leveling in Patch 7.3.5
As you may have heard, Patch 7.3.5 significantly overhauled the level-up experience in World of Warcraft so that zones from 1–100 will dynamically scale to your character’s level. Why? Over the years, we’ve made multiple changes to adjust the leveling curve—and as a result, the pace of characters’ progress has become significantly out of sync with the content. Players often out-level areas long before they’ve had a chance to complete key stories and quest lines, leading to a less-than-ideal experience.

With this significant update to pacing, the existing Recruit-A-Friend program would no longer provide the best experience for players new to World of Warcraft. Even with scaling zones, triple-speed leveling would mean new players going into dungeons could find themselves overwhelmed by multiple new abilities gained over the course of a single instance run, and might still outpace storylines that help the world make sense and make players feel like they’re part of it—and we want new players to feel at home in Azeroth.

To align the Recruit-A-Friend XP bonus with the upcoming leveling changes, we have reduced the XP boost gained from the Recruit-A-Friend program when playing with a linked friend down from 200% 300% XP vs. base XP to 50%* 150% XP vs. base XP. We are making these changes to ensure the XP boost doesn’t upset game balance and undermine the experience, while still giving a significant XP bonus to you and a friend as a thank-you for being part of the Recruit-A-Friend program.

Recruit-A-Friend Changes in Full

The XP boost has been reduced from 200% bonus to 50% bonus*, effective today, January 22, 2018.
If you’re already actively participating in the program, fear not! If you either sent or received an invite before the change went into effect today, once the invite is accepted you and your friend will still receive triple XP* 200% XP bonus until the link between your accounts expires 90 days from the date the new recruit’s account was first created. Please note: RAF invites expire after seven days.
Heirloom gear XP bonuses will no longer stack with the RAF boost i.e., the maximum XP boost you will see from today onwards is 50%. If you were already on the program, Heirloom gear will still stack.
All other rewards are unchanged and yours to enjoy:

Summon your friend once every 30 minutes.
10% bonus reputation from kills that grant reputation.*
Level granting: for every two levels your friend gains while the accounts are linked, they can grant one level to one of your characters.
Recruiter rewards, including game time and epic mounts.



*For a full list of the rewards and the in-game criteria for receiving them, visit our RAF In-Game Bonuses page.