chaud2018-01-16, 01:03 PMPatch 7.3.5 Live this Week
Patch 7.3.5 brings old world leveling scaling, Ulduar Timewalking, Silithus quests, legendary tokens, the Seething Shore Battleground and more! 

Allied Races are not going live this week! Much of the data for them is in the patch, so we may see them later as a pre-order bonus. 


Legendary Changes - You can now purchase Purified Titan Essence 
Mythic Plus Battle Resurrections - Battle resurrections in Mythic+ dungeons now function similarly to the way they currently do in raids.
Seething Shore Battleground - Seething Shore will become available as the story in Silithus unfolds
Zone Scaling and XP Changes - Older zones now scale with your level. XP required to level has been adjusted.
Flying Changes - There are no longer any expansion specific flying requirements until Warlords.
Silithus: The Wound - Players who have defeated Argus in Antorus will be able to continue the Legion story quest chain into Silithus.



Official Notes
The official notes have been released.


  


Legendary Item ChangeslegendaryChanges
You can now turn in 1000 x Wakening Essence  for Purified Titan Essence  and 300 for Awoken Titan Essence  

Wakening Essence  reward sources now reward roughly 6x more than they did in Patch 7.3.2. For example, your first daily heroic dungeon now rewards 30, up from 5.


  


Mythic Plus Battle ResurrectionsmythicBR
Combat resurrections in Mythic+ dungeons will now function similarly to the way they currently do in raids.


  


Combat resurrections start with 1 charge for the group and gain a new charge every 10 minutes.
Raise Ally , Rebirth , Soulstone  and Hunter battle resurrections all share the same charges.
You can accumulate a total of 5 charges at a time, however, it would take 40 minutes to reach this point.


New Battleground - Seething ShoreseethingShore
Seething Shore will become available as the story in Silithus unfolds. This new battleground takes place in Silithus  and features the Horde and Alliance descending upon the wound that Sargeras  put in Azeroth to fight over Azerite bubbling to the surface.


  


Zone Scaling and XP ChangeszoneXP
Every zone through Draenor now use the level scaling system introduced in Legion. All corresponding dungeons and the rewards therein now scale. XP required to level has been adjusted as well. 


<div class="gallery" id="gallery-LevelingRange">      
      </div>
  


NPC Health Changes
Along with all of the leveling and XP changes, the health of NPCs including bosses in old raids have been increased.


Vanilla - 288% increase @ lvl 63. 25% at lvl 10, 119% @ lvl 20, 183% @ lvl 30, 222% @ lvl 40, 263% @ lvl 50
Burning Crusade - 261% increase @ lvl 73, 310% @ lvl 65 
Wrath of the Lich King - 237% increase @ lvl 83, 291% @ lvl 75
Cataclysm - 185% increase @ lvl 88, 228% @ lvl 85
Mists of Pandaria - 341% @ lvl 93
Warlords - 92% increase @ lvl 103
Legion - Same



Flying Changes During LevelingflyingChange
Expert Riding  now unlocks the ability to fly in all zones prior to Draenor. 

The following requirements have been removed from the game:

Cold Weather Flying 
Flight Master's License 
Wisdom of the Four Winds 


Draenor Pathfinder  and Broken Isles Pathfinder, Part Two  still need to be completed to unlock flying.


Legion Epilogue - Silithus: The WoundsilithusWound
Players who have defeated Argus in Antorus will be able to continue the Legion story quest chain into Silithus. Look for this new questline upon logging in.

Ogmot the Mad  is a new rare elite ogre in Silithus that drops Ogmot's Dream Journal  This journal contains 10 pages that detail the events of a nameless person who deals with the whispers of the Old Gods. See the full post  for more details.


     
     
       
        
       
        


Ulduar Timewalking
Ulduar Timewalking will be available when the Wrath of the Lich King Timewalking week rolls around on February 18, 2018.
A long-forgotten evil has awakened once more. Travel back in time with 10-30 other adventurers to cleanse Ulduar of Yogg-Saron’s evil influence. While you journey through this memorable Wrath of the Lich King raid, your character will be scaled to player level 80.

Your fate is sealed. The end of days is finally upon you and ALL who inhabit this miserable little seedling. Uulwi ifis halahs gag erh'ongg w'ssh.


Achievement Changes
Check out the full list of achievement changes  


All existing 10-player and 25-player Ulduar Achievements have been moved to the Legacy -> Raids tab.
Anyone who earned either the 10- or 25-player versions of the Ulduar Achievements should receive the new Achievement upon logging in.
The new Glory of the Ulduar Raider Achievement should now award both the Rusted Proto-Drake and the Ironbound Proto-Drake mounts.
Old achievements that required you to complete a number of quests in a zone have been changed to require you to complete the story quests instead. 
Allied Race achievements, more Prestige achievements, Legion Season 7, Seething Shore, New Pet Battle PvP achievements and were added.



  


Increased Bag Space
Attaching an authenticator to your account will increase the size of your initial backpack by 4 slots.


 


Druid Lunarwing Flight Form Sit Animation
The Druid Lunarwing flight form now has a sitting animation! You can see the Night Elf , Tauren , Troll , and Worgen  versions of the animation in the modelviewer.


<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" gesture="media" allow="encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

      


Profession Leveling
Profession leveling has been streamlined:


Several reagents no longer exist: Greater Astral Essence , Lesser Astral Essence , Greater Mystic Essence , Lesser Mystic Essence , Greater Nether Essence , Lesser Nether Essence , Nexus Crystal , Large Glimmering Shard , Small Glimmering Shard , Soul Dust , Vision Dust , Small Glowing Shard , Large Glowing Shard , Dream Dust , Small Radiant Shard , Large Radiant Shard 
Illusion Dust  is now Light Illusion Dust 
Rich Illusion Dust  has been added



Faction Leader Model Updates
Gallywix got a new Azerite cane topper and ring! You can see the old model on the right in the image below. 


  


     
  


New Icons and UI Elements


  

  


New Loading Screen


  


New Maps


<div class="gallery" id="gallery-735NM">      
      </div>


Patch 7.3.5 - New Music and VO
Patch 7.3.5 adds some new music and VO. Be sure to check out the Allied Race VO  as well.


  


Call of the Scarab Temporary Mounts
Several new Silithid mounts are available for the Call of the Scarab  micro holiday! These mounts only last for a few days and are bag slot items much like the Magic Broom  from the Hallow's End Event 


Sapphire Qiraji Resonating Crystal 
Ruby Qiraji Resonating Crystal 



   
 


New Racial Icons at Character Creation Screen
The icons on the character creation menu have all received face lifts!


    races.jpg

   


New Command Boards
The command boards in Orgrimmar  and Stormwind  have received visual upgrades on top of a new UI. They use the same menu now that we used to choose our artifact weapons and your options change as you level up. You also get a small picture and a brief description of the zone and what the story will contain.


       



Alliance Embassy
An embassy for Allied Races has been added to Stormwind  Allied Races cannot be unlocked yet, but you can see the requirements to unlock them inside.

Lightforged Draenei Requirements

Achievement: You Are Now Prepared! 
Exalted with The Army of the Light 

Void Elves Requirements

Achievement: You Are Now Prepared! 
Exalted with The Argussian Reach 


    

<div class="gallery" id="gallery-SWM">      </div>


Horde Embassy
An embassy for Allied Races has been added to Orgrimmar. Allied Races cannot be unlocked yet, but you can see the requirements to unlock them inside.

Highmountain Tauren Requirements

Achievement: Ain't No Mountain High Enough 
Exalted with The Highmountain Tribe 

The Nightborne Requirements

Achievement: Insurrection 
Exalted with The Nightfallen 


   

<div class="gallery" id="gallery-HARE">     </div>


The Nighthold Updates
The uninstanced version of the Nighthold  has seen some changes, becoming more of a small faction hub. Both Alliance and Horde can visit as of now. There are teleport stations that lead to Dalaran  and Orgrimmar  usable by the Horde as well as all of your favorite characters from the Suramar campaign, such as Thalyssra  and Theryn  Pandaren monks have also arrived to teach the Nightborne the ways of the  Monk class.


      
      
      



Thunder Totem Updates
While most of the Bloodtotem tribe became corrupted by the Legion, the few who did not have now sought refuge at Thunder Totem  On top of this, Pandaren monks have arrived to teach the Highmountain Tauren the ways of the  Monk class.


        


Hardware Deprecation Warnings
DirectX 9 support will be dropped in the future. 

Warning: Your current graphics API will not be supported in future versions of World of Warcraft, which will require DirectX 11 or Metal.
Warning: Your current system will not be supported in future versions of World of Warcraft which will require a 64-bit operating system.
Warning: Your graphics card will not be supported in future versions of World of Warcraft, which will require a Shader Model 5 3 capable graphics card or better.



String Changes and Misc Changes
Allied Race and many other strings were added in this patch.


 