Stoy2018-05-22, 08:42 PMBattle for Azeroth Comic #1 - Jaina: “Reunion”
The comic we previewed https://www.mmo-champion.com/content/7617-Reunion-BfA-Comic-Kotaku-Preview-Drustvar-Preview-Uther-s-Tomb-Updates-Blue-Posts yesterday is now available to view. This is the first of 3 prelaunch comics and features Jaina Proudmoore's return to the ruins of Theramore! You can find it here https://bnetcmsus-a.akamaihd.net/cms/template_resource/YXSGTG8RQU6W1526926114194.pdf!


https://media.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2018/may/thumb/reunion3.jpg https://bnetcmsus-a.akamaihd.net/cms/template_resource/YXSGTG8RQU6W1526926114194.pdf

Join Jaina Proudmoore in “Reunion,” the first in a series of digital comics leading up to Battle for Azeroth.

As the Horde and the Alliance reckon with the aftermath of their war with the Burning Legion, Jaina finds herself doing some soul searching in the ruins of Theramore. Alone with the ghosts of the dead city, she reflects on a bitter past full of heartbreak and betrayal—and resolves to confront it with a return to her homeland of Kul Tiras.

We invite you to read and download the free comic here https://bnetcmsus-a.akamaihd.net/cms/template_resource/YXSGTG8RQU6W1526926114194.pdf.


https://media.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2018/may/thumb/jainacomic1.jpg https://media.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2018/may/jainacomic1.jpg 


About

Written by Andrew Robinson and illustrated by Linda Cavallini and Emanuele Tenderini, “Reunion” is the first in a series of comics leading up to Battle for Azeroth.

Andrew Robinson is a senior writer on Blizzard Entertainment’s creative development team, where he helps build and expand upon the fiction of our universes through comics, cinematics, and more. He started at Blizzard in 2014 as a writer focusing on animation projects, and has written and consulted for more than 30 animated TV shows over the course of his full career.

Linda Cavallini is an Italian freelance illustrator who has worked on various children’s illustrated books since 2008. She is currently on working on the fantasy/sci-fi comic Lumina with Emanuele Tenderini through their publishing house Tatai Lab, which they established in 2015.

Emanuele Tenderini is an Italian comic book artist who began his career at various French publishers. He later worked with famed Italian comic book writer and publisher Sergio Bonelli before forming Tatai Lab in 2015 with Linda Cavallini.


Clarification on Battle For Azeroth's Pathfinder Achievement
The recently datamined Battle for Azeroth Pathfinder, Part One https://beta.wowdb.com/achievements/12989-battle-for-azeroth-pathfinder-part-one stirred up some controversy recently when it included both Kul Tiras and Zandalar questing achievements. The good news, however, is that it only requires one continent and not both!
Looks like the requirement to level characters from both faction to max and run quest lines with each is staying not a bug. It's still an after patch and the devs won't respond for clarification on it on the forums or on twitter. Looks like you're gonna have to have to max level grind out achievements on 2 characters different factions in order to get flight in bfa. Kinda sucks for those who pre-ordered and used that character boost already.
Just some clarification on this, you do not need both factions for Pathfinder Part 1. You will only need either Horde or Alliance side.


North American Arena World Championship Recap
Blizzard posted a recap of the North American Arena World Championship and what played out!
North America Can't Bust The Move

With the Spring Finals in the books the teams from North America are looking to regroup and take on the challenge of the summer season in the Arena World Championship. The first North American Cup would set the tone.

Method Orange Falter Early and Regroup

Method Orange were the top seed in North America at the Spring Finals but the road to the top was cut short in the first round where they dropped to Reformed and XRB. Coming into the summer, Method had a lot of work to do to retain their crown in NA, and got off to a poor start, falling to Super Rejects 3-1 in the upper bracket of the double-elimination tournament. Method then went on a lower bracket run beating everyone to get to the final versus The Move, a run that included overcoming Super Rejects.

The Rejects Can’t Keep the Spring Finals Level

The Rejects, now known as Noble were the most improved team at the Spring Finals and finished with the silver medal. Coming back to North America, the question was whether the Spring Finals were a fluke, and Noble did nothing to disprove that theory. With a first round loss to Method Orange followed by an elimination at the hands of Super Rejects, Noble have a lot of work to do to recapture the form they showed at the Spring Finals. Noble came in with a variety of compositions including a slower RMP as well as some more aggressive cleave compositions. This is in stark contrast to the RMP that the then-The Rejects used during most of the Spring Finals.

Sneakier Snakes are Still Sneakily good

The Sneakier Snakes were one of the bottom teams at the Spring Finals, going two-and-out just like Method Orange. Now playing in the summer season as Kaska’s Angels, they wanted to show they had what it takes to stay at the top of North America, with their only losses coming at the hands of The Move and Method Orange. Losing 3-0 to both might not be inspiring but Kaska’s Angels are looking to stay in the top four with that third-place finish and quietly hang around the top of North America.

The Move Back With a Vengeance

The Move did not make the Spring Finals, finishing eight points below Sneakier Snakes for a disappointing 5th place. Coming back from that disappointment, The Move showed a dominant performance in the first North American AWC Cup of the summer season. With a 3-0 win over Plot Twist, Super Frogs, and Kaska’s Angels, The Move ended up facing Method Orange in the grand final. In an incredibly tight game that included taking a nail-biting series to Game 7 in the Blade’s Edge Arena, The Move took the series 4-3 and secured their first win of the AWC as they look to tighten up the rankings with an eye towards BlizzCon.

Whether The Move can sustain this level of play will be up in the air for the next two weeks with the AWC moving back to Europe for the second European cup. Method Black and Reformed will be looking to stay on top of those regional standings and supercharging the debate over which team is the world’s best.


Blue Posts
Mage Tower Quest Line
So i have completed the Gift from the six quest line as a demonology but my gear is for affliction is it possible to get the affliction mage tower quest whitout completing demonology's quest first.
Each spec will have it's own questline, and you can have all three in progress as long as you meet the criteria for them having the base 35 traits unlocked in that specs Artifact

You actually have the Affliction questline already, "Message from the Shadows"

Carry on with that one and you'll be able to get through to the Mage Tower Challenge for this spec too. Official Forums http://eu.battle.net/forums/en/wow/topic/17619612040?page=1#3"