Simca2017-12-19, 08:44 PMPatch 7.3.5 PTR - Build 25727
Build 25727 will be deployed to the PTR realms soon. This is a small build that cleans up some data and includes some new UI portraits for the new races.


New Interface Assets


                


New Racial Icon


  


Achievement Changes
Eastern Kingdoms
Quests

Loch Modan & Wetlands Quests New  Complete the Loch Modan and Wetlands storylines.
Westfall & Duskwood Quests New  Complete the Westfall and Duskwood storylines.


Feats of Strength

Allied Races: Highmountain Tauren Hidden Character Achievement New  Complete the quest below. Reward: Highmountain Tauren Race Unlocked.
Allied Races: Highmountain Tauren Unlock Requirements  Name changed from "Highmountain Tauren Unlock Requirements" to "Allied Races: Highmountain Tauren Unlock Requirements".
Allied Races: Lightforged Draenei Hidden Character Achievement New  Complete the quest below. Reward: Lightforged Draenei Race Unlocked.
Allied Races: Lightforged Draenei Unlock Requirements New  Account Wide.
Allied Races: Nightborne Hidden Character Achievement New  Complete the quest below. Reward: Nightborne Race Unlocked.
Allied Races: Nightborne Unlock Requirements New  Account Wide.
Allied Races: Void Elf Hidden Character Achievement New  Complete the quest below. Reward: Void Elf Race Unlocked.
Allied Races: Void Elf Unlock Requirements New  Account Wide.


Legion Raid
Dungeons & Raids

Forbidden Descent  Name changed from "Hope's End" to "Forbidden Descent".
Hope's End  Name changed from "Forbidden Descent" to "Hope's End".




Spell Changes
 Shaman Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
PvP Talents

Swelling Waves  When you cast Healing Surge on yourself, you are healed again for the same for 50% of the amount 3 sec later. Shaman - Tier 3 PvP Talent.


Racials
Night Elf

Languages  Common, Darnassian. Racial Passive. Night Elf Racial.


Undead

Languages  Orcish, Forsaken. Racial Passive. Undead Racial.


Item Effects

Ensemble: Crimson Sentinel Garb New  Collect the appearances of the Crimson Sentinel Garb set. Instant.
Ensemble: Goldspine Plate New  Collect the appearances of the Goldspine Plate armor set. Instant.
Ensemble: Mindwrack Raiment New  Collect the appearances of the Mindwrack Raiment armor set. Instant.
Ensemble: Tundraspite Armor New  Collect the appearances of the Tundraspite Armor armor set. Instant.




Strings Changes

RACE_INFO_HIGHMOUNTAINTAUREN - Descended from Huln, brave hero of the War of the Ancients, the Highmountain tauren honor The tauren of Highmountain are devoted to the spirits of earth, river, and sky. Though the Legion invaded their lands and sowed seeds of distrust between them, the tribes of Highmountain stand united once more. At long last they are ready to venture beyond their sacred mountain and stand beside their kin from Kalimdor, lending their nobility and strength to the mighty Horde. After ages spent protecting their sacred mountain, they are now ready to venture out into the world beyond the Broken Isles.
RACE_INFO_HIGHMOUNTAINTAUREN_FEMALE - Descended from Huln, brave hero of the War of the Ancients, the Highmountain tauren honor The tauren of Highmountain are devoted to the spirits of earth, river, and sky. Though the Legion invaded their lands and sowed seeds of distrust between them, the tribes of Highmountain stand united once more. At long last they are ready to venture beyond their sacred mountain and stand beside their kin from Kalimdor, lending their nobility and strength to the mighty Horde. After ages spent protecting their sacred mountain, they are now ready to venture out into the world beyond the Broken Isles.
RACE_INFO_LIGHTFORGEDDRAENEI - For untold millennia, the Army of the Light waged Fighting a long, bitter war against the Burning Legion throughout the Twisting Nether. The draenei most committed to their long crusade would undergo a ritual to become Lightforged, infusing their bodies with the very essence of the Holy Light. After finally achieving victory on Argus, the Lightforged have undertaken a new mission: protecting Azeroth from rising threats and helping the Alliance push back against Horde aggression. these draenei soldiers were infused with the Holy Light to become living weapons. Victorious at last, these Lightforged stand ready to defend Azeroth.
RACE_INFO_LIGHTFORGEDDRAENEI_FEMALE - For untold millennia, the Army of the Light waged Fighting a long, bitter war against the Burning Legion throughout the Twisting Nether. The draenei most committed to their long crusade would undergo a ritual to become Lightforged, infusing their bodies with the very essence of the Holy Light. After finally achieving victory on Argus, the Lightforged have undertaken a new mission: protecting Azeroth from rising threats and helping the Alliance push back against Horde aggression. these draenei soldiers were infused with the Holy Light to become living weapons. Victorious at last, these Lightforged stand ready to defend Azeroth.
RACE_INFO_NIGHTBORNE - Isolated behind a protective barrier for ten-thousand years, the elves of Suramar grew increasingly dependent upon the arcane magic of the Nightwell. To protect this font of power, the leaders of the nightborne struck a bargain with the Burning Legion that plunged their kingdom into civil war. After fighting for freedom from their demonic masters, the nightborne seek allies to help them reclaim their place in the world. The nightborne of Suramar spent millennia isolated behind an arcane barrier, slowly transformed by the magic of the Nightwell. These proud, noble elves now seek to reclaim their place in Azeroth.
RACE_INFO_NIGHTBORNE_FEMALE - Isolated behind a protective barrier for ten-thousand years, the elves of Suramar grew increasingly dependent upon the arcane magic of the Nightwell. To protect this font of power, the leaders of the nightborne struck a bargain with the Burning Legion that plunged their kingdom into civil war. After fighting for freedom from their demonic masters, the nightborne seek allies to help them reclaim their place in the world. The nightborne of Suramar spent millennia isolated behind an arcane barrier, slowly transformed by the magic of the Nightwell. These proud, noble elves now seek to reclaim their place in Azeroth.
RACE_INFO_VOIDELF - Many have sought Seeking to harness the corruptive magic of the Void. Most who tried have fallen into madness. Determined to use this power for the good of Azeroth, Alleria Windrunner is the first mortal to succeed at defying the shadow's whispers. Coming to the aid of a group of her kin who nearly gave in to the darkness, Alleria has vowed to train these void elves to control the shadows within them and pledge their newfound powers to the Alliance. these outcast elves endured an unexpected transformation. They are determined to master their newfound powers and resist the whispers eager to lure them into madness.
RACE_INFO_VOIDELF_FEMALE - Many have sought Seeking to harness the corruptive magic of the Void. Most who tried have fallen into madness. Determined to use this power for the good of Azeroth, Alleria Windrunner is the first mortal to succeed at defying the shadow's whispers. Coming to the aid of a group of her kin who nearly gave in to the darkness, Alleria has vowed to train these void elves to control the shadows within them and pledge their newfound powers to the Alliance. these outcast elves endured an unexpected transformation. They are determined to master their newfound powers and resist the whispers eager to lure them into madness.