Stoy2017-11-05, 05:23 PMRelease Date for Antorus: The Burning Throne Raid
Ashtag  released a tweet stating the release date of the Antorus Raid will be on November 28. This post was backed up by RhoWOW  of Realm Maintenance  who spoke to J. Allen Brack, executive producer, and confirmed the date.


 



Christie Golden's Before the Storm Novel Cover Art
Del Rey Publishing  tweeted a photo for the cover art of Christie Golden's upcoming novel Before the Storm !


 


Blue Posts
;"] BlizzCon 2017 World of Warcraft Day 2 Wrap-Up
Another epic BlizzCon has come to a close. Soon the buzz and hum around the Anaheim Convention Center will just be a fading memory, but oh, what memories have been made!

Inside the World of Warcraft

The Instance Live!–*Taking you inside World of Warcraft news and discussion, Scott Johnson of fan favorite podcast “The Instance” hosted a live panel * along with Instance regular Patrick Beja, and guests Pat Krane from Convert to Raid, and World of Warcraft’s own Art Director Chris Robinson.

The Art of World of Warcraft–*World of Warcraft artists provided an inside look * at character design, animation and world building, special effects including spells and all things that sparkle, environment design, dungeon art, and prop art within Battle for Azeroth. Each artist gave an inside look at their process for getting into the culture of the denizens within these new regions and creating the world that Azeroth’s Heroes will adventure through.

DesignCraft | Building Blocks for Level Design–*World of Warcraft designers provided a first-hand look  *at the overall process for creating the environments and points of interest within Azeroth that bring the world to life.

World of Warcraft Battle for Azeroth Q&A–*Focusing on the newly announced Battle for Azeroth expansion, player questions were gathered from BlizzCon 2017 attendees and community members from around the world to be answered live on the main stage. If you missed it, you can check out the coverage from Wowhead , or watch the VoD * on the BlizzCon site.

World of Warcraft Boss Design Workshop–*The WoW encounter team invited the community to peek behind the scenes at their roundtable, where they brainstormed and designed a new dungeon boss from scratch. What would normally take months, was condensed to just a short 60-minute window.

Taking Attendees into the Battle for Lordaeron

10,000 lucky BlizzCon attendees were randomly selected to have their character printed in 3D and join the fray as either one of the Horde or the Alliance in the Battle for Lordaeron Diorama. Attendees were able to visit the site here  to see if they made it to the battleground.


 

Meet the World of Warcraft Arena 2017 World Champions: ABC!

12 teams from around the globe fought their way to BlizzCon 2017, but in the end, only one could claim the top prize and take home the trophy – and the cash. Congratulations go to ABC who defeated Panda Global to become the World of Warcraft Arena 2017 World Champions!


 

If you missed any of the matches, you can see them all on the BlizzCon.com site 


 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

 

So Long and thanks for another great BlizzCon. We’ll see you in Azeroth!

*Virtual Ticket Required