chaud2018-02-09, 11:31 PMBattle for Azeroth Alpha - Build 26010
Build 26010 might come to the alpha realms at some point.


New Icons


                        
      


Achievement Changes
Battle for Azeroth
Quests

A Bargain of Blood New  Complete the Blood Gate questline in Zuldazar. 5 points.
Secrets in the Sands New  Complete the Vol'dun storylines listed below. 10 points.
The Final Seal New  Complete the Zandalar Forever scenario. 5 points.
The Throne of Zuldazar  Name changed from "Zuldazar" to "The Throne of Zuldazar".
Zandalar Forever! New  Complete the following achievements on the continent of Zandalar. 10 points.


Zandalar
Exploration

Get Hek'd New  Earn 4 caches of Jani in each zone of Zandalar. 10 points.




Talent Changes
Hunter
Marksmanship

Bombardment  Name changed from "Volley" to "Bombardment". Row 2, Column 1. Spell: Volley  Bombardment 
Calling the Shots  Row 7, Column 1. Spell: Calling the Shots  Replaces: Calling the Shots  Calling the Shots 
Hunter's Mark  Name changed from "Quickdraw" to "Hunter's Mark". Row 4, Column 3. Spell: Quickdraw  Hunter's Mark 
Lethal Shots  Name changed from "Bombardier" to "Lethal Shots". Row 6, Column 1. Spell: Bombardier  Lethal Shots 
Volley  Name changed from "Sentinel" to "Volley". Row 2, Column 2. Spell: Sentinel  Volley 


Survival

Born to Be Wild  Name changed from "Coming Soon" to "Born to Be Wild". Row 5, Column 1. Spell: Coming Soon  Born to Be Wild 


Priest
Holy

Cosmic Ripple  Row 7, Column 1. Spell: Cosmic Ripple  Cosmic Ripple 
Perseverance  Name changed from "Angelic Feather" to "Perseverance". Row 2, Column 3. Spell: Angelic Feather  Perseverance 


Multiple specs

Angelic Feather  Name changed from "Perseverance" to "Angelic Feather". Row 2, Column 1. Spell: Perseverance  Angelic Feather 


Shadow

Shadow Word: Death  Name changed from "Twist of Fate" to "Shadow Word: Death". Row 5, Column 2. Spell: Twist of Fate  Shadow Word: Death 
Twist of Fate  Name changed from "Shadow Word: Death" to "Twist of Fate". Row 3, Column 3. Spell: Shadow Word: Death  Twist of Fate 


Shaman
Multiple specs

Earth Shield  Row 3, Column 2. Spell: Earth Shield  Replaces: Earth Shield  Earth Shield 
Spirit Wolf  Row 3, Column 1. Spell: Spirit Wolf  Replaces: Spirit Wolf  Spirit Wolf 


Warlock
Affliction

Nightfall New  Row 6, Column 2. Spell: Nightfall 


Demonology

Implosion New  Row 2, Column 3. Spell: Implosion 


Destruction

Grimoire of Supremacy New  Row 6, Column 2. Spell: Grimoire of Supremacy 
Internal Combustion  Name changed from "Shadowburn" to "Internal Combustion". Row 2, Column 2. Spell: Shadowburn  Internal Combustion 
Reverse Entropy  Name changed from "Roaring Blaze" to "Reverse Entropy". Row 2, Column 1. Spell: Roaring Blaze  Reverse Entropy 
Roaring Blaze New  Row 6, Column 1. Spell: Roaring Blaze 
Shadowburn New  Row 2, Column 3. Spell: Shadowburn 


Warrior
Arms

Weapon Specialist  Name changed from "Coming Soon" to "Weapon Specialist". Row 2, Column 2. Spell: Coming Soon  Weapon Specialist 




Spell Changes
Mounts

Tomb Stalker New  Summons and dismisses your Tomb Stalker. Instant.


 Death Knight Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Death Strike Blood, Unholy  Focuses dark power into a strike that deals 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage and heals you for 0% of all damage taken in the last 0 sec, minimum 0% of maximum health.


Talents

Clawing Shadows  Deals 0% of weapon damage Deals 0 Shadow damage and causes 1 Festering Wound to burst. Unholy Death Knight - Level 58 Talent. Instant.
Frostscythe  A sweeping attack that strikes all enemies in front of you for 0% of weapon damage 0 Frost damage. This attack benefits from Killing Machine. Critical strikes with Frostscythe deal 0 times normal damage. Frost Death Knight - Level 90 Talent. Instant.


PvP Talents

Necrotic Strike  A vicious strike that deals 0% of weapon damage 0 Plague damage, and converts 0 Festering Wounds into a Necrotic Wound, absorbing the next 0 healing received by the target. Unholy DeathKnight - Tier 5 PvP Talent. Instant.


Blood

Heart Strike  Instantly strike the target and 1 other nearby enemy, causing 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage, and reducing enemies' movement speed by 0% for until cancelled. Generates 0 bonus Runic Power, plus 0 Runic Power per additional enemy struck. Death Knight - Blood Spec. Instant.
Marrowrend  Smash the target, dealing 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage and generating 0 charges of Bone Shield. [ability_deathknight_boneshield] Bone Shield Surrounds you with a barrier of whirling bones, increasing Armor by 0% of your Strength, and your Haste by 0%. Each melee attack against you consumes a charge. Lasts until cancelled or until all charges are consumed. Death Knight - Blood Spec. Instant.


Unholy

Scourge Strike  An unholy strike that deals 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage and 0% of weapon damage Shadow damage, and causes 1 Festering Wound to burst. Death Knight - Unholy Spec. Instant.


 Demon Hunter Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Throw Glaive  Throw a demonic glaive at the target, dealing 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage. The glaive can ricochet to 1 additional enemies within 10 yards. Instant.


Talents

Dark Slash  Slash an enemy for 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage, and increase the damage your Chaos Strike deals to them by 0% for until cancelled. Havoc Demon Hunter - Level 106 Talent. Instant.


Havoc

Demon's Bite  Quickly attack for 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage. Generates 0 to 0 Fury. Demon Hunter - Havoc Spec. Instant.


Vengeance

Demon Spikes  Surge with fel power, increasing your Armor by 0% of your Agiliry, and youy Agility, and your Parry chance by 0%, for until cancelled. Demon Hunter - Vengeance Spec. Instant.
Shear  Shears an enemy for 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage, and shatters a Lesser Soul Fragment from your target. Generates 0 Pain. Demon Hunter - Vengeance Spec. Instant.
Throw Glaive  Throw a demonic glaive at the target, dealing 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage. The glaive can ricochet to 1 additional enemies within 10 yards. Generates high threat. Demon Hunter - Vengeance Spec. Instant.


 Druid Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Enraged Maul  Maul the target for 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage. Honor Talent. Instant.


Talents

Brutal Slash  Strikes all nearby enemies with a massive slash, inflicting 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage. Awards 0 combo points. Feral Druid - Level 90 Talent. Instant.
Pulverize  A devastating blow that consumes 0 stacks of your Thrash on the target to deal 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage, and reduces all damage you take by 0% for until cancelled. Guardian Druid - Level 100 Talent. Instant.


PvP Talents

Enraged Maim  You deal 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage and incapacitate the target for until cancelled. Feral Druid - Tier 4 PvP Talent. Instant.
Tooth and Claw  Maximum health while in Bear Form increased by 0% and damage while in Bear Form increased by 0%. You also learn: Enraged Maul Maul the target for 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage. Feral Druid - Tier 2 PvP Talent. Instant.


Feral

Shred  Shred the target, causing [ 0% of weapon damage * mult 0;] Physical damage to the target. Deals 0% increased damage against bleeding targets. While stealthed, Shred deals 0% increased damage, and has double the chance to critically strike. Awards 0 combo points. Druid - Feral Spec. Instant.


Guardian

Mangle  Mangle the target for 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage. Deals 0% additional damage against bleeding targets. Generates 0 Rage. Druid - Guardian Spec. Instant.
Maul  Maul the target for 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage. Druid - Guardian Spec. Instant.


 Hunter Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Talents

Arctic Bola  Throw an icy bola at an enemy, inflicting 0% of weapon damage 0 Frost damage and reducing their movement speed by 0% for until cancelled. Survival Hunter - Level 90 Talent. Instant.
Birds of Prey  Mongoose Biting your pet's target extends the duration of Aspect of the Eagle Coordinated Assault by 0 sec. Survival Hunter - Level 100 Talent. Instant.
Bombardment  Name changed from "Sentinel" to "Bombardment". When Aimed Shot activates Hunter's Mark, a Sentinel swoops into the battle, applying Hunter's Mark to all other targets within 0 yards Multi-Shot critical strikes generate 0 Focus. Marksmanship Hunter - Level 30 Talent. Instant.
Born to Be Wild New  The cooldowns of Aspect of the Eagle, Aspect of the Cheetah, and Exhilaration are reduced by 0%. Survival Hunter - Level 75 Talent. Instant.
Butchery  Strike all nearby enemies in a flurry of strikes, inflicting 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage to each. Survival Hunter - Level 30 Talent. Instant.
Calling the Shots  Casting Quick Shot reduces the cooldown of Hunter's Mark Trueshot by 0.0 sec. Marksmanship Hunter - Level 100 Talent. Instant.
Explosive Shot  Fires a slow-moving munition directly forward. Activating this ability a second time detonates the Shot, dealing up to 0 Fire damage to all enemies within 0 yds, damage based on proximity. Marksmanship Hunter - Level 30 Talent. Instant.
Hunter's Mark  Apply Hunter's Mark to the target. When damaged by Aimed Shot and for an additional 0 sec afterwards, all of your damaging shots will cause the target to instantly take [ 20% of Ranged Attack Power ] additional Physical damage. Instant. increasing all damage you deal to the marked target by 0%. If the target dies while affected by Hunter's Mark, you instantly gain 0 Focus. Only one Hunter's Mark can be applied at a time. Marksmanship Hunter - Level 60 Talent. Instant.
Lethal Shots  Name changed from "Bombardier" to "Lethal Shots". Bombardment Trick Shots now also increases the damage of your next Aimed Shot or Rapid Fire by 0%. Marksmanship Hunter - Level 90 Talent. Instant.
Lock and Load  Your ranged auto attacks have a 0% chance to trigger Lock and Load, causing your next two Aimed Shots Aimed Shot to cost no Focus and be instant. Marksmanship Hunter - Level 100 Talent. Instant.
Mongoose Bite  A brutal attack that deals 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage and grants you Mongoose Fury. Mongoose Fury Increases the damage of Mongoose Bite by 0% for until cancelled, stacking up to 0 times. Successive attacks do not increase duration. Survival Hunter - Level 90 Talent. Instant.
Piercing Shot  A powerful shot which deals up to 0% of weapon damage Physical damage to the target and up to 0% of weapon damage Physical damage to all enemies between you and the target. Marksmanship Hunter - Level 100 Talent. Instant.
Precise Shots  When Aimed Shot activates your Hunter's Mark, the cost of all of your abilities is reduced by 0% for until cancelled Aimed Shot causes your next 1-0 Quick Shots to consume 0% less Focus. Marksmanship Hunter - Level 15 Talent. Instant.
Primal Instincts  Harpoon increases the Critical Strike chance of your abilities by 0% for until cancelled. Disengage increases your Haste by 0% for until cancelled. You may only have one of these effects active at once. Survival Hunter - Level 100 Talent. Instant.
Rapid Killing  Each extra target that Aimed Shot hits during Bombardment reduces the cooldown of Hunter's Mark by 0.0 sec, and each ricochet of Rapid Fire during Bombardment reduces the cooldown of Hunter's Mark from the Trick Shots effect reduces the cooldown of Aimed Shot by 0.0 sec and reduces the cooldown of Rapid Fire by 0.0 sec. Marksmanship Hunter - Level 90 Talent. Instant.


PvP Talents

Sniper Shot  Take a sniper's stance, firing a well-aimed shot dealing 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage. Increases the range of all shots by 0% for until cancelled. Marksmanship Hunter - Tier 5 PvP Talent. Instant.


Beast Mastery

Cobra Shot  A quick shot causing [ 0% of weapon damage * mult 0;] Physical damage. Reduces the cooldown of Kill Command by 0 sec. Hunter - Beast Mastery Spec. Instant.
Multi-Shot  Fires several missiles, hitting your current target and all enemies within 0 yards for 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage and triggering Beast Cleave. Hunter - Beast Mastery Spec. Instant.


Marksmanship

Aimed Shot  A powerful aimed shot that deals [ 0% of weapon damage * mult 0;] Physical damage. Damage increased by 0% against a target you have not yet damaged. Hunter - Marksmanship Spec. Instant.
Bursting Shot  Fires an explosion of bolts at all enemies in front of you, knocking them back, disorienting them back,snaring them by 0% for until cancelled, and dealing 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage. Hunter - Marksmanship Spec. Instant.
Lone Wolf  Increases your damage by 0%, but only when you do not have your pet out. Hunter - Marksmanship Spec. Instant. an active pet. Hunter - Marksmanship Spec. Instant.
Multi-Shot  Fires several missiles, hitting your current target and all enemies within 0 yards for 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage Hunter - Marksmanship Spec. Instant.
Quick Shot  A quick shot that causes 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage. Hunter - Marksmanship Spec. Instant.
Rapid Fire  Shoot a stream of arrows at your target, dealing 0% of weapon damage Physical damage every 5 sec for until cancelled. Each arrow shot generates 0 Focus. Usable while moving. Hunter - Marksmanship Spec. Instant.
Steady Shot  A steady shot that causes 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage. Usable while moving. Generates 0 Focus. Hunter - Marksmanship Spec. Instant.
Trick Shots  Name changed from "Bombardment" to "Trick Shots". When you use Multi-Shot When Multi-Shot hits 2 or more targets, your next Aimed Shot will ricochet and hit up to 0 additional targets, or each shot of your next Rapid Fire will ricochet to an additional nearby target. Hunter - Marksmanship Spec. Instant.
Trueshot New  Increase all damage done by 0%. Hunter - Marksmanship Spec. Instant.


Survival

Aspect of the Eagle  Grants you and your pet 0% increased Critical Strike chance on all abilities, and the range of your Mongoose Bite is increased to 0 yds. Lasts until cancelled. Hunter - Survival Spec. Instant.
Coordinated Assault New  You and your pet attack as one, increasing all damage you both deal by 0% for until cancelled. While Coordinated Assault is active, Kill Command's chance to reset is increased by 0%. Hunter - Survival Spec. Instant.
Raptor Strike  A vicious slash dealing 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage. Hunter - Survival Spec. Instant.
Serpent Sting  Fire a poison-tipped arrow at an enemy, dealing 0% of weapon damage 0 Nature damage instantly and an additional 0 damage over until cancelled. Hunter - Survival Spec. Instant.
Wildfire Bomb  Hurl a wildfire bomb at the target, exploding for 0 Fire damage against them and nearby enemies, and an additional 0 damage over until cancelled. While burning, they scorch other enemies within 0 yds for 0 Fire damage every 5 sec. Hunter - Survival Spec. Instant. and coating them in wildfire, scorching themselves and nearby enemies for 0 Fire damage over until cancelled. Hunter - Survival Spec. Instant.


 Monk Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Mistweaver

Fortifying Brew  Turns your skin to stone, increasing your current and maximum health by 0%, and reducing damage taken by 0%. Instant. Monk - Mistweaver Spec. Instant.


 Paladin Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Talents

Zeal  Strike the target for 0% of weapon damage Physical damage. Maximum 0 charges 0 Physical damage. Grants Zeal, causing Zeal attacks to chain to an additional nearby target per stack. Maximum 0 stacks. Each jump deals 0% less damage. Generates 0 Holy Power. Retribution Paladin - Level 30 Talent. Instant.


Retribution

Blade of Justice  Strikes an enemy with the Blade of Justice, dealing [ 0% of weapon damage * mult 0;] Physical damage. Generates 0 Holy Power. Paladin - Retribution Spec. Instant.


 Priest Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Talents

Angelic Feather  Places a feather at the target location, granting the first ally to walk through it 0% increased movement speed for until cancelled. Only 3 feathers can be placed at one time. Holy Priest - Level 30 Talent. Instant.
Cosmic Ripple  When Holy Word: Serenity or Holy Word: Sanctify finish their cooldown, you emit a burst of light that heals up to 0 injured targets for 0. Instant. Holy Priest - Level 100 Talent. Instant.
Mania  Your movement speed is increased Increases your movement speed by up to 0% based on your current Insanity. Shadow Priest - Level 30 Talent. Instant.
Perseverance  When you cast Renew on yourself, it reduces all damage you take by 0%. Holy Priest - Level 30 Talent. Instant.
Shadow Word: Death  A word of dark binding that inflicts 0 Shadow damage to the target. Only usable on enemies that have less than 0% health. Generates 0 Insanity, or 0 Insanity if the target dies. Shadow Priest - Level 45 Talent. Instant. 75 Talent. Instant.
Twist of Fate  After damaging a target below 0% health, you gain 0% increased damage and healing for until cancelled. Shadow Priest - Level 75 Talent. Instant. 45 Talent. Instant.


 Rogue Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Mutilate  Instantly attacks for 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage. Awards 2 combo points. Instant.
Mutilate Off-Hand  Instantly attacks for 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage. Awards 2 combo points. Instant.


Talents

Dispatch  Exploits the vulnerability of foes with less than 0% health, causing 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage to the target. Mutilate has a 0% chance to make your next Dispatch free and usable on any target, regardless of their health. Awards 0 combo points. Assassination Rogue - Level 15 Talent. Instant.
Ghostly Strike  Strikes an enemy with your cursed weapon, dealing 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage and causing the target to take 0% increased damage from your abilities for until cancelled. Awards 0 combo points. Outlaw Rogue - Level 15 Talent. Instant.
Gloomblade  Punctures your target with your shadow-infused blade for 0% of weapon damage 0 Shadow damage, bypassing armor. Awards 0 combo points. Subtlety Rogue - Level 15 Talent. Instant.
Toxic Blade  Stab your enemy with a toxic poisoned blade, dealing 0% of weapon damage 0 Nature damage. The damage of your poisons against the target is increased by 0% for until cancelled. Awards 0 combo points. Assassination Rogue - Level 90 Talent. Instant.


PvP Talents

Neurotoxin  Stabs the target with your off-hand weapon, causing 0% of weapon damage 0 Nature damage, and applies a deadly neurotoxin for until cancelled. The neurotoxin causes any ability used to incur a 0 sec cooldown. Assassination Rogue - Tier 4 PvP Talent. Instant.
Shiv  Deals 0% of weapon damage Deals 0 Physical damage, and reduces the target's movement speed by 0% for until cancelled. Cannot be blocked, dodged or parried. Rogue - Tier 2 PvP Talent. Instant.


Assassination

Sinister Strike  An instant strike that causes 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage. Awards 0 combo points. Rogue - Assassination Spec. Instant.


Outlaw

Ambush  Ambush the target, causing 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage. Awards 0 combo points. Rogue - Outlaw Spec. Instant.
Saber Slash  Viciously slash an enemy, causing [ 0% of weapon damage * mult 0;] Physical damage. Saber Slash has a 0% chance to strike an additional time, making your next Pistol Shot free. Awards 0 combo points each time it strikes. Rogue - Outlaw Spec. Instant.


Subtlety

Backstab  Stab the target, causing [ 0% of weapon damage * mult 0;] Physical damage. Damage increased by 0% when you are behind your target. Awards 0 combo points. Rogue - Subtlety Spec. Instant.
Shadowstrike  Strike the target, dealing 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage. While Stealth is active, you strike through the shadows and appear behind your target up to 5 yds away, dealing 0% additional damage. Awards 0 combo points. Rogue - Subtlety Spec. Instant.


 Shaman Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Windlash  A massive gust of air that deals 0% of weapon damage Physical damage. Instant. 0 Physical damage. Instant.
Windlash Off-Hand  A massive gust of air that deals 0% of weapon damage Physical damage. Instant. 0 Physical damage. Instant.


Elemental

Fire Elemental  Calls forth a Greater Fire Elemental to rain destruction on your enemies for until cancelled. While the Greater Fire Elemental is active, Lava Surge recharges 0% faster and Flame Shock generates 0 Maelstrom when it deals damage over time. Shaman - Elemental Spec. Instant.


Enhancement

Crash Lightning  Electrocutes all enemies in front of you, dealing 0% of weapon damage 0 Nature damage. Hitting 2 or more targets enhances your weapons for until cancelled, causing Stormstrike and Lava Lash to also deal 0% of weapon damage Nature damage to all targets in front of you. Shaman - Enhancement Spec. Instant.
Lava Lash  Charges your off-hand weapon with lava and burns your target, dealing 0% of weapon damage 0 Fire damage. Shaman - Enhancement Spec. Instant.


 Warlock Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Talents

Cataclysm  Conjures Calls forth a cataclysm at the target location, dealing 0 Shadowflame damage to all enemies within 0 yards and afflicting them with Immolate. Destruction Warlock - Level 60 Talent. Instant.
Grimoire of Supremacy New  While you have an Infernal active, every Soul Shard you spend increases the damage of your Chaos Bolt by 0%. Destruction Warlock - Level 90 Talent. Instant.
Hellfire  Engulfs the surrounding area in hellfire, causing 0 Fire damage to yourself, and 0 Fire damage to all nearby enemies every sec 5 sec. You may move while channeling Hellfire. Costs 0 Soul Shard Fragments per sec. Destruction Warlock - Level 60 Talent. Instant.
Implosion  Demonic forces suck all of your Wild Imps toward the target, and then cause them to violently explode, dealing 0 Shadowflame damage to all enemies within 0 yards. Instant. Demonology Warlock - Level 30 Talent. Instant.
Internal Combustion New  Chaos Bolt consumes up to 0 sec of Immolate's damage over time effect on your target, instantly dealing that much damage. Destruction Warlock - Level 30 Talent. Instant.
Reverse Entropy  Chaos Bolt and Rain of Fire restore 0% of your maximum mana and deal 0% increased damage. Instant. Your spells have a chance to grant you 0% Haste for until cancelled. Destruction Warlock - Level 30 Talent. Instant.
Roaring Blaze  Conflagrate burns the target for an additional 0 Fire damage over until cancelled. Destruction Warlock - Level 30 Talent. Instant. 90 Talent. Instant.


 Warrior Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Bladestorm  You become a whirling storm of destructive force, striking all nearby targets with your main hand weapon for 0% of weapon damage Physical damage. Instant. 0 Physical damage. Instant.
Bladestorm Off-Hand  You become a whirling storm of destructive force, striking all nearby targets with your off-hand weapon for 0% of weapon damage Physical damage. Instant. 0 Physical damage. Instant.
Heroic Throw  Throws your weapon at the enemy, causing 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage. Generates high threat. Instant.


Talents

Cleave  Strikes all enemies in front of you with a sweeping attack for 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage, inflicting Deep Wounds. Arms Warrior - Level 75 Talent. Instant.
Coming Soon  This talent is not yet implemented. Arms Fury Warrior - Level 30 Talent. Instant.
Rend  Wounds the target, causing 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage instantly and an additional 0 Bleed damage over until cancelled. Arms Warrior - Level 45 Talent. Instant.
Skullsplitter  Bash an enemy's skull, dealing 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage. Generates 0 Rage. Arms Warrior - Level 15 Talent. Instant.
Warbreaker  Smash the ground and shatter the armor of all enemies within 0 yds, dealing 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage and increasing damage you deal to them by 0% for until cancelled. Arms Warrior - Level 75 Talent. Instant.
Weapon Specialist  One of your abilities is improved, based on the weapon you are wielding: Swords reduce the cooldown of Die by the Sword by 1 min, and you will counterattack all melees against you while it is active. Maces allow you to cast Victory Rush without killing an enemy, and killing an enemy will reset its cooldown. Axes and Polearms cause Hamstring to immobilize the enemy for until cancelled if they are already snared. Instant. Swords reduce the cooldown of Die by the Sword by 0 sec, and you will counterattack all melees against you while it is active. Axes and Polearms reduce the cooldown of Rallying Cry and Intimidating Shout by 0%, and increase their duration by 0%. Arms Warrior - Level 30 Talent. Instant.


Arms

Colossus Smash  Smashes the enemy's armor, dealing 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage, and increasing damage you deal to them by 0% for until cancelled. Warrior - Arms Spec. Instant.
Hamstring  Maims the enemy for 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage, reducing movement speed by 0% for until cancelled. Warrior - Arms Spec. Instant.
Mortal Strike  A vicious strike that deals 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage and reduces the effectiveness of healing on the target by 0% for until cancelled. Warrior - Arms Spec. Instant.
Overpower  Overpower the enemy, critically striking them for [ 2.000 * 0% of weapon damage 0;] Physical damage. Cannot be blocked, dodged, or parried. Increases the damage of your next Mortal Strike or Execute by 0%. Warrior - Arms Spec. Instant. stacking up to 0 times. Warrior - Arms Spec. Instant.
Slam  Slams an opponent, causing 0% of weapon damage 0 Physical damage. Warrior - Arms Spec. Instant.
Tactician  You have a 0.00% chance per Rage spent on damaging abilities to reset the remaining cooldown on Overpower and Mortal Strike. Warrior - Arms Spec. Instant. Warrior - Arms Spec. Instant.


Fury

Bloodthirst  Assault the target in a bloodthirsty craze, dealing [ 0% of weapon damage * mult 0;] Physical damage and restoring 0% of your health. Generates 0 Rage. Warrior - Fury Spec. Instant.
Furious Slash  Aggressively strike with your off-hand weapon for [ 0% of weapon damage * mult 0;] Physical damage. Increases your Bloodthirst critical strike chance by 0% until it next deals a critical strike, stacking up to 0 times. Warrior - Fury Spec. Instant.


Protection

Devastate  A direct strike, dealing [ 0% of weapon damage * mult 0;] Physical damage. Warrior - Protection Spec. Instant.




Misc Changes
Currency Types
Miscellaneous

Essence of Storms - Gathered from powerful troops throughout the warfront. Used to summon heroes. Max Quantity: 20. Extremely rare, found while killing enemies in the warfront. Used to unleash powerful abilities from the Altar of Storms. Max Quantity: 3.


Flight Masters
Zandalar

Alliance Docks, Vol'dun - Horde Alliance only. Mount: NPC #129538 
Arid Basin Camp, Vol'dun - Horde Alliance only. Mount: NPC #129538 
Sanctuary of the Devoted, Vol'dun New - Horde only. Mount: NPC #129538 
Slithering Gulch, Vol'dun - Horde Alliance only. Mount: NPC #129538 
Temple of Akunda, Vol'dun New - Horde only. Mount: NPC #129538 
Temple of Kimbul, Vol'dun New - Horde only. Mount: NPC #129538 
Vulpera Hideaway, Vol'dun New - Horde only. Mount: NPC #129538 


LFG Dungeons
Dungeons

Random Battle For Azeroth Dungeon - Name changed from "Random 8.0 Dungeon" to "Random Battle For Azeroth Dungeon".
Random Battle For Azeroth Heroic - Name changed from "Random 8.0 Heroic" to "Random Battle For Azeroth Heroic".


Map Areas
Kul Tiras

Drustvar > Arathor's Crossing New
Stormsong Valley > Brined Flats New
Stormsong Valley > Deadwash - Name changed from "Stormsong Valley > Deadwash Reclamation" to "Stormsong Valley > Deadwash".
Stormsong Valley > Drowned Lands - Name changed from "Stormsong Valley > Deadwash" to "Stormsong Valley > Drowned Lands".
Stormsong Valley > Soggy Bottom New
Tiragarde Sound > Blushwater Brook New
Tiragarde Sound > The Outroad New


Silithus: The Wound

Magni's Encampment New


Zandalar

Zuldazar > Greater Vigilant New
Zuldazar > Lower Vigilant New
Zuldazar > Vigilant Isles New


Maps
Battle for Azeroth

Alliance Battleship - Wind's Redemption - Name changed from "Stormwind Embassy" to "Alliance Battleship - Wind's Redemption".
Horde Battleship - The Windrunner - Name changed from "Orgrimmar Embassy" to "Horde Battleship - The Windrunner".


Vanilla

Gorgrond New


Mounts
Flying Mounts

PH Vulture New - Flying Mount. Spell #266925  "PH" Source: PH


Ground Mounts

Tomb Stalker New - Ground Mount. Tomb Stalker  "The favored companion of Zandalari Kings, these fierce beasts are mummified and buried with their masters, so they may carry them through the afterlife." Source: PH


Scenarios
Freehold

Step 01: Freehold New - Infiltrate Freehold and disperse the Irontide Raiders.
Step 01: Freehold New - Infiltrate Freehold and disperse the Irontide Raiders.


Skills
0

Engineering - Cataclysm Engineering - Name changed from "Engineering - Cataclsym Engineering" to "Engineering - Cataclysm Engineering".
Inscription - 8.0 Inscription - Name changed from "Inscription - Kul'Tiras Inscription" to "Inscription - 8.0 Inscription".


World Safe Locations
Kul Tiras

8.0 Drustvar Dungeon - Corpse Location New
8.0 Drustvar Dungeon - Dungeon Cemetary New


Waycrest Manor

8.0 Drustvar Dungeon - Transfer Loc 02 New


Zandalar

8.0 Zuldazar - Dino Training - Pterrordax - Juvenile Milestone Safe Loc JAK New
Nazmir, Bloodfire Ravine - GY - Name changed from "Nazmir, Dark Heart - South East - GY" to "Nazmir, Bloodfire Ravine - GY".
Vol'dun, Arena - GY - Name changed from "Vol'dun - Arena GY" to "Vol'dun, Arena - GY".
Vol'dun, Bouldered Bluffs - GY New
Vol'dun, Brine Basin - GY New
Vol'dun, Court of Zak'rajan - GY New
Vol'dun, Cracked Coast - GY New
Vol'dun, Darkwood Shoal - GY New
Vol'dun, Oasis SW - GY New
Vol'dun, Pyramid NE - GY New
Vol'dun, Spire - GY New
Vol'dun, Tempest Canyon - GY New
Vol'dun, Terrace of the Devoted - GY New
Vol'dun, The Eternal Spring - GY New




Strings Changes

CHAT_BUBBLES_TEXT - Player Chat Bubbles
COMMUNITY_MEMBER_LIST_DROP_DOWN_ROLES New - Roles
COMMUNITY_MEMBER_LIST_DROP_DOWN_SET_NOTE New - Set Member Note
COMMUNITY_MEMBER_NOTE_FORMAT New - |TInterface\FriendsFrame\UI-FriendsFrame-Note:0:0:0:0:1:1:0:1:0:1:255:209:0|t%s
COMMUNITY_MEMBER_ROLE_NAME_LEADER New - Leader
COMMUNITY_MEMBER_ROLE_NAME_MEMBER New - Member
COMMUNITY_MEMBER_ROLE_NAME_MODERATOR New - Moderator
COMMUNITY_MEMBER_ROLE_NAME_OWNER New - Owner
ERR_VOICE_CHAT_GENERIC_UNABLE_TO_CONNECT New - Unable to connect to voice chat service. Voice chat is unavailble.
ERR_VOICE_CHAT_SERVICE_LOST New - Connection to voice chat service has been lost. Voice chat is unavailble.
OPTION_TOOLTIP_CHAT_BUBBLES - Shows player chat text in speech bubbles above their heads. Shows bubbles of text above the head of the speaker.