chaud2017-12-29, 05:55 AMBattle for Azeroth - New Zones Preview
Battle for Azeroth is introducing two new faction specific continents to explore - Kul Tiras for the Alliance and Zandalar for the Horde. Each continent contains 3 zones that can be explored in any order. The continents have faction specific level-up dungeons as well. 

At the level cap, each faction can visit the other continent for more content and world quests.


<script type="text/javascript" charset="utf-8" src=""></script><noscript><a href="">Which zone are you most interested in exploring?</a></noscript>

Kul Tiras Continent
Kul Tiras  was founded 3,000 years ago when a group of Gilneans  left the empire to explore the Great Sea  They came upon a mountainous region rich in resources and decided to settle in. Over the course of the next 2,500 years they built one of the most powerful navies on Azeroth. The Alliance is very interested in bringing this navy into their ranks. Kul Tiras is ruled by four houses that are in trouble.


                             

Kul Tiras Region - Tiragarde Sound
Tiragarde Sound  sits on an inland in the middle of the continent and connects the zones. It contains the capital of Kul Tiras, Boralus, which is the Alliance main hub for the expansion. Katherine Proudmoore , Jaina’s mother, is in charge. Kul Tirans hunt sea monsters and so are much heartier than normal humans. The main problem in Tiragarde Sound is pirates and their stronghold, Freehold , which is a dungeon in the expansion. 


                   

Kul Tiras Region - Drustvar
Drustvar  is a forested mountainous region located in the southwest of Kul Tiras. It is governed by House Wavecrest, but in recent months they have been suspiciously absent from public affairs. In their absence, arms and sausages have stopped being supplied to Boralus  Witchcraft and death magic are heavily prominent as the land is cursed.


                                                 

Kul Tiras Region - Stormsong Valley
Stormsong Valley  is located in the north of Kul Tiras and is lush, green and beautiful. House Stormsong is in charge and the people here are extremely devoted to the sea, providing ships for Kul Tiras. Sea Priests must bless each vessel that sails out of Stormsong Valley. Ship building operations have stopped as ancient dark forces are invading from the sea. Quilboars  are also a huge problem. 


         


Zandalar Continent
The Zandalari Empire  formed 16,000 years ago. The continent of Zandalar was once a landlocked mountain but the sundering changed that. The empire sank into the sea, but the trolls adapted to island life and built a navy that rivals, if not surpasses, Kul Tiras. The Horde wants to add this navy to its cause.


                             

Zandalar Region - Zuldazar
Zuldazar  is the capital of the Zandalari Empire and is located in the southern part of the island. It is also the only safe haven on the continent. The Horde use this capital as a hub for the expansion. King Rastakhan  and his daughter, Princess Talanji, rule over this empire. The Horde must investigate an internal uprising within Zuldazar while also fending off blood trolls from the north.


                             

Zandalar Region - Nazmir
Nazmir  was once a lush forest but has since become a festering swampland since Deathwing shook the earth. Blood trolls thrive here. To defeat these trolls, the Horde must enlist the help of the Loa, powerful troll gods. The Loa of Death Bwonsamdi  and Krawgwa the Frog Loa play important roles in the story. Nazmir also contains a Titan facility that holds the key to destroying all life on Azeroth.


                                                           

Zandalar Region - Vol'dun
To the northwest lies the desert of Vol'dun  It used to be a thriving jungle until the Aqir  destroyed it. Zandalar send their criminals to this desert to die, however, some survive to cause problems. A native race of fox people called the Vulpera  make their home in this desert as well. They will need help against the Sethrak , sentient snake people, who also cause trouble.


                             