Stoy2017-11-04, 07:46 PMThe Art of World of Warcraft
The art team sits down to discuss the art and models in World of Warcraft.

Kul Tiras

Team wanted Kul Tiras humans to look more battle hardened and robust.
Clothing is made for harsh weather high collars
Elegant weapons with nautical themes


Drustvar

Lots of creatures that utilize death magic
Wanted to combine death magic with druidic feel


Zandalar

Troll style influenced by Aztec culture
Dinosaurs and gold
Brotosaur long necked dinosaur is used as a mount
Blood trolls worship blood Loa and use blood magic. This magic corrupts the creatures around them and turns them into blood beasts.


Total War

Lots of faction inspired gear to wear including what was shown in the Warfront preview


World Building

Team used what they learned in Suramar to build the new zones and dungeons
Freehold

Features a lot of drunken citizens and beer
Rogues and pickpockets hanging out on walls and ledges
Town criers

Nazmir

Bound captives, blood magic, dark rituals and chanting



Spell Effects

Using layers to create visuals on abstract shapes
Warlocks are on the way
Even more new spell effects for ones that were updated already.
Drustvar

Ancient druidic death magic spell effects for witches
Wanted to incorporate spirit magic in the feel of the creatures in the zone as well.

Blood magic will use a lot of new spell effects


Environment Art

Nazmir

Zandalari abandoned the zone because of rampant blood magic.
Wanted to create an experience where the player goes in and our of light and dark spaces
Inspired by swamp marshes 
Open spaces have low foliage with giant dinosaurs
Trees in the zone are based on actual growth in swamps
Ancient trees and huge root systems in the swamp areas
Strangler figs were added to make the space feel intimidating
Important to make sure the water seemed gross in the swamp.
The Necropolis is a large temple in Nazmir

Kul Tiras

Environment is very cold and harsh and surrounded by water.
Buildings needed materials that could withstand extreme weather
Connection and pride with ships - Buildings are inspired by ships
Oxidized green and earthy tones were used in a lot of the architecture with nautical designs



Prop Art

Make what the characters would make
Set decorations
Make the world feel more lived in and tell a story
Guide a player's eye to points of interest
Zandalari Trolls

Ancient and colorful but thriving
See a lot more of troll culture in Zandalar
Dinosaurs are huge part of culture - shown in carvings of wood, materials and food
Aztec influence is a lot less subtle this time around




Holiday Art

Makes it feel like time is passing
Brings community together
Art can be sillier than normal as it's not permanent



Q & A

Q: Are we going to see heritage armor for the older races?
A: Nothing planned for now, but maybe in the future

Q: Will the new idle animations shown in the trailers be given to player characters?
A: The npcs are a test for now and maybe in the future it will be given to players as the animations are on the player models.

Q: What kind of improvements were done to Zandalari armor?
A: Dinosaur leather and gold chain mail are iconic in the new armor

Q: What slows down the re-imagining of magic?
A: Working to make sure each class uses magic differently. Want warlock shadow magic and priest shadow magic to feel different. Takes a lot of work.

Q: How do you breathe life into the models in game?
A: Team looks at a lot of real life creatures with similar anatomy. Things like murlocs are more idea orientated and comedic.

Q: When are we getting hunter quivers?
A: Jumped the gun on the announcement. When artifact system was decided, idea was put on hold. The conversation to move forward with it is happening now.

Q: Where do you draw your inspiration for Kul Tiras?
A: Variety of different cultures and port cities

Q: Is heritage armor usable for all Allied races?
A: Each Allied race has their own unique heritage armor models

Q: Will there be more "plate-kinis?"
A: Many people see them as inappropriate but if it makes sense they might add more similar armor looks

Q: Will head slots/hats be wearable with all hair styles?
A: Too much of an undertaking to make all hair styles work with hat models

Q: Will other races get Allied races that stand up straight?
A: Upright standing orcs are coming! Players will be able to toggle between classic hunched orc or straight standing

Q: Where are worgen/goblin model updates?
A: Right now not ready for Battle for Azeroth launch but definitely planned. They are being worked on!

Q: Any new druid forms for the new Allied races such as moose for Highmountain or Zandalari trolls?
A: New druid forms on the way!

Q: Will the Allied races new body silhouettes transfer into character creation as well?
A: Yes, making its way to character creation in Battle for Azeroth

Q: Any other classes getting new colors for spell effects like green fire for warlocks?
A: No, new spell animations fill this spot

Q: Will mail on gnomes be altered to look normal?
A: Something we are always looking into

Q: Will old world zones get face lifts?
A: Updates will be made where they make sense. High fog is being added and lighting tuning

Q: Will there be a glyph for old priest shadow form?
A: No plans as of now but if it's something the community wants usually it's looked into

Q: Any improvement to riding animations?
A: Very challenging but looking into it

Q: Will there ever be an armor dye system in the game?
A: Maybe someday but not planned as of now


<div class="gallery" id="gallery-ArtOfWoW">         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
         
</div>