Stoy2018-05-24, 04:29 PMBattle for Azeroth Beta - Protection Paladin Feedback
A few changes to Protection in an upcoming build. Mostly focused on smoothing out issues in the core rotation and active mitigation.


Consecration  no longer buffs Shield of the Righteous and Light of the Protector Consecration  cooldown 4.5s from 9s and duration 12s from 9s, but you can only have one down at once Mastery: Divine Bulwark  reduces all damage you take while in Consecration instead of increasing Shield of the Righteous effectiveness Avenger's Shield  increases the effects damage and armor of your next Shield of the Righteous by 20% Consecrated Hammer  will be replaced with a new L15 talent

Listing all at once because they're all pieces of the same goals. First, Avenger's Shield is back to having some baseline defensive value, which pulls the rotation together by making you care about both hit and Hammer of the Righteous other than for pickups/damage.

Second, Consecration is easier to work with. If you don't have to move, you have to replace it less often, and if you do have to move, you can replace it much more quickly. While standing in Consecration still has some value, your core buttons no longer rely on it, and the loss of mitigation from being outside it is much smaller than Legion. It also provides a small source of baseline magic mitigation.

Finally, the gap between Shield of the Righteous uptime and downtime, in terms of mitigation, is less dramatic. The previous mastery made that gap get wider and wider as the expansion went on, leading to the problem of increasing moments of vulnerability when active mitigation was down. Shield of the Righteous will now have more consistent value across the expansion. The spec will be tuned expecting slightly lower Shield of the Righteous strength and uptime compared to Legion, which helps avoid the problem where there were windows of very poor mitigation compared to other tanks.


Discipline Priest Feedback
At the moment, there's some baseline compensation on Shadow Mend and Power Word: Shield, which were so often buffed by Grace in the situations where they were most important. The final amount that will be appropriate is still somewhat up in the air after all the changes including having mastery affecting them. In any case, the main goal is that the ability to focus healing on one target shouldn't be so dependent on a specific talent. That was also a problem with L100 as it was. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

Upcoming Changes
A few changes for an upcoming beta build.


New talent: Sins of the Many. Your damage is increased by up to X%, diminishing for each ally with Atonement. Likely location is L75, pushing Lenience to L100, and removing Grace.
We agree with trying to find a talent that calls to having a smaller number of Atonements out, but are trying a version that still provides some benefit in all situations.

Grace's concept was generally subsumed by the new mastery which is seeming successful so far, and stacking Grace on top of mastery led to huge variance in the strength of Shadow Mend and Power Word: Shield casts. Making that choice with mastery is a better place than making it with a talent that was essentially required in some types of content.

The talent rearrangement should leave L100 as a row of talents that most show their strength when effectively healing a large number of targets, and L75 as a row of talents less focused on that situation.


Contrition's healing is increased by Power of the Dark Side
So that Power of the Dark Side remains neutral as to your choice of which mode of Penance to use.


Mindbender's damage reduced 24%

It has been unintentionally strong ever since the squish, as many people have observed.

At the moment, there's some baseline compensation on Shadow Mend and Power Word: Shield, which were so often buffed by Grace in the situations where they were most important. The final amount that will be appropriate is still somewhat up in the air after all the changes including having mastery affecting them. In any case, the main goal is that the ability to focus healing on one target shouldn't be so dependent on a specific talent. That was also a problem with L100 as it was. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 


Play with the Blues on Thursday - Alliance Warfronts
Greetings friends,

This Thursday May 24 PDT, we'll have a Play with the Blues event focusing on Alliance Warfronts. Members of the Blizzard WoW Development and WoW QA teams will be fighting alongside you all on the Anduin beta realm. Be on the lookout for characters in the <Blizzard Alliance> guild.

Start Time: 3:00 p.m. PDT
End Time: 5:00 p.m. PDT
Realm: Anduin

How to queue for Warfronts:
1. Head to the Trade District in Stormwind.
2. Look for the War Table located outside of Trias' Cheese shop.
3. Interact with the table to queue up!

Reminder:
There are no level restrictions or prerequisite quests for Warfronts in the beta. If you'd like to participate, but only have a Horde character on Anduin or no characters at all ... yet, all you need to do is create a fresh Alliance character, and you'll be good to go.