Stoy2018-05-15, 07:05 PMBlizzard at Gamescom 2018
Blizzard is once again attending Gamescom in August!
The world’s largest interactive entertainment event is coming back to Cologne, Germany this summer… and we’ll be there! From August 21-25, stop by the Blizzard booth at gamescom 2018 for some hands-on play time with Overwatch, Heroes of the Storm, StarCraft II, Diablo III, Hearthstone, and World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth, which launches on August 14.

We’ll also have plenty of activities for you, including our famous dance and cosplay competitions, as well as some epic merchandise at the Blizzard store. Stay tuned for details as the event nears, and we look forward to seeing you at gamescom 2018!


Battle for Azeroth Beta - New Build Soon
Beta Build Update - 5/15/2018
Greetings all,
We'll be bringing down Beta realms today in order to push a new 8.0.1 build. No ETA for today's update but I'll keep you in the loop on this thread if things look like they're going to take longer than usual ~1-2 hours. 

Side Note:
This build should address the disconnection issues many users have encountered due to a missing art asset.

Thanks for your patience everyone!



Battle for Azeroth Beta - Raid Testing Schedule
;"] Raid Testing Schedule - May 16th-18th
On Wednesday, Thursday and Friday, May 16th-18th we will be conducting raid tests of Mythic Uldir. We will also be conducting another test of Heroic Mythrax on Friday, May 18th.

Wednesday, May 16th

Zek'voz - Mythic Uldir - 13:00 PDT 16:00 EDT, 22:00 CEST
Vectis - Mythic Uldir - 14:00 PDT 17:00 EDT, 23:00 CEST


Thursday, May 17th

Fetid Devourer - Mythic Uldir - 13:00 PDT 16:00 EDT, 22:00 CEST
MOTHER - Mythic Uldir - 14:00 PDT 17:00 EDT, 23:00 CEST


Friday, May 18th

Taloc - Mythic Uldir - 13:00 PDT 16:00 EDT, 22:00 CEST
Zul - Mythic Uldir - 14:00 PDT 17:00 EDT, 23:00 CEST
Mythrax - Heroic Uldir - 15:00 PDT 18:00 EDT, 0:00 CEST


As always, this testing schedule is very fluid and subject to the realities of a Beta environment. We might have to change the time of a testing session, change the bosses being tested, or cancel a test entirely, due to bugs, server hardware issues, etc. Keep an eye on this forum for the latest information, and thank you in advance for testing and providing feedback.

Q: How do I get into the raid zone?

A: In Zuldazar, Boralus, Dalaran, Orgrimmar, or Stormwind, you may speak to Nexus-Lord Donjon Rade III in order to teleport into the raid zone while it is open for testing. The option to teleport into a zone will not be available when the zone is not open for testing.

Q: What character should I use to test the raid?

A: Whichever you prefer. We will be scaling players' effective level to 120 for raid testing, and their item level to an appropriate threshold for the encounters being tested. 

Q: How long does testing last?

A: The primary purpose of testing is to give us the information we need to balance the encounters, evaluate how mechanics are playing out in practice, and identify bugs. Once we're satisfied that we've received that information for a given boss, we'll be shutting down testing. Usually this takes anywhere from 45 minutes to 2 hours, but there are no guarantees.



Blue Tweets
Battle for Azeroth content creation is coming to an end soon, many awesome new things will show up in the next build, this has been a super fun ride and I'm incredibly excited to see what you think of everything we have created. Muffinus 


WoW Arena World Championship European Cup Recap
Reformed Stumble to Open European Cup
The summer season of the WoW Arena World Championship began this past weekend with the first European Cup, featuring the reigning champions from the spring session, Reformed. Despite being favored based on their previous success, Reformed wouldn’t be getting by on intimidation—and the double-elimination event offered plenty of surprises.

The Best Meet Early

With Method Black Formerly Skill Capped Black meeting Reformed in the fourth round of the winner’s bracket, the two best teams in the cup—possibly in the world—met early. Reformed stuck with the Jungle Cleave that saw them glide through every opponent and qualify for BlizzCon in the Spring Finals. Method Black answered Reformed strength for strength, going for a similar, high-pressure Melee Cleave that managed to hold Reformed down for a quick 3-0 win. Method Black continued to use Outlaw Rogue, which Oscar “Whaazz” Wulff continues to establish as one of the strongest melee picks available, with continuous crowd control and mobility.

Team Riviera Into the Winners Top Four

You might be forgiven for being unfamiliar with Team Riviera. They played during the spring season as Antonio Esports, finishing the season tied for 13th with 12 points. This season started very differently for Team Riviera, taking a tight 3-2 win over the remaining two players from the defending BlizzCon champions, Tempo Storm. Following the upset over Tempo Storm, Team Riviera took a game off a dominant Method Black before losing 3-1 to Reformed in the lower bracket final. The third-place finish for Team Riviera means they already sit on 80 points this season and look to be one of the new contenders in the AWC.

XRB to the Moon Starting Slow

XRB to the Moon were thought to be the second-best team in Europe last season, and are certainly one of the teams who have given Method Black trouble in the past. A slow start in the summer season with a Round 3 loss to Tempo Storm was followed by a 3-1 elimination at the hands of Reformed, after getting by Best Students due to disqualification. A tied-for-5th finish may not be bad for most teams, but for the squad that finished the spring season in second place with 340 points, XRB to the Moon will be looking to improve.

Method Black vs The World

When the Spring Finals came around, nearly everyone expected Skill Capped Black now Method Black to qualify for BlizzCon—but two losses to The Rejects saw their hopes dashed and a trip back to Europe to regroup. Method Black came into the first European Cup of the summer with a chip on their shoulders and rolled the competition. They dropped two games throughout the entire tournament, one to a surging Team Riviera and one to WWDK Nation, who showed an ability to beat anyone last season. Facing Reformed for a rematch in the cup final, Method Black swept them again, going 4-0 and taking a 7-0 record versus the best team from Spring.

The summer season continues with AWC North America Cup #1 on May 19 and 20, with Method Orange looking to prove their Spring Finals performance was just a fluke, while The Rejects look to prove the opposite. 



Take Part in the First Official Hearthstone Cosplay Contest
Blizzard games have inspired amazing creations from some of the best cosplayers around the world, and now it’s time for Hearthstone to take center stage. We’re holding our first-ever Hearthstone Cosplay Contest, and we’re calling all cosplayers to join the fun online!

Get inspired by one of your favorite Hearthstone cards, put your cosplay skills to the test, and then simply send us a photo of your final creation to enter the competition. Read on for submission details, prize information, and guidelines.

How to Enter

The contest runs from 12:00 CEST on May 15, 2018 until 23:59 CEST on July 27, 2018. To take part, send an email during that timeframe to CMTeamEU-Hearthstone@blizzard.com with the following information:


Subject: Hearthstone Cosplay Contest + Your Last Name
The email must include:

Your first and last name
Your contact information
A description of your cosplay with the character’s name e.g. Warsong Commander, Novice Engineer, etc.
A photo of your final cosplay in JPEG or JPG, no larger than 2 MB per file

We also encourage you to share your progress on social media using the #hearthstonecosplaycontest hashtag. We just might share your updates on our Hearthstone Facebook and/or Twitter accounts!

Prize Package

It wouldn’t be much of a competition without a fabulous prize. The top Hearthstone cosplayer in this contest will take home an exclusive Aluneth staff replica!


<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

The winner will also be invited to join us in Cologne, Germany for gamescom 2018, including travel, event admission, and two-night accommodation. You’ll be able to show off your Hearthstone cosplay on our gamescom stage, where our film crew will capture the moment you lay your hands on Aluneth in a special awards ceremony.

Contest Guidelines

Your final entry must be submitted via email by 23:59 CEST on July 27, 2018 in order to be considered. Don’t forget to include the photo of your final cosplay!

The contest is open to individuals aged 13 years and over. Minors under the age of 18 must have the authorization of a parent or guardian to participate.

Cosplay submissions must be based on an existing Hearthstone card all formats. Personal interpretations of cards are permitted, and creativity is encouraged. Judging criteria will be based on how well the cosplay represents the Hearthstone card and the Hearthstone spirit: fun, light-hearted, and delightfully surprising!

A jury of Blizzard Entertainment employees will choose a contest winner on August 1, 2018, who will be contacted via email from CMTeamEU-Hearthstone@blizzard.com by August 6 in order to arrange travel to gamescom 2018.

Be sure to read the full contest rules  for complete details, guidelines, and eligibility requirements.

Good luck!