chaud2018-03-22, 07:56 PMBattle for Azeroth Alpha - Build 26287
A new build is on the way!


New achievements have been added to unlock the Dark Iron Dwarves and Mag'har Orcs


New Achievements

Drust Do It. - Complete the Drustvar storylines listed below.
Taint Nobody Got Time For That - Defeat Elder Leaxa without any party member receiving the Taint of G'huun in Underrot on Mythic difficulty.
Sporely Alive - Defeat the Unbound Abomination without taking any damage from Rotting Spores in Underrot on Mythic difficulty.
Underrot - Defeat the Unbound Abomination in Underrot.
Heroic: Underrot - Defeat the Unbound Abomination in Underrot on Heroic difficulty or higher.
Mythic: Underrot - Defeat the Unbound Abomination in Underrot on Mythic difficulty.
Snake Eyes - Activate both of the eyes to exit the Bazaar in the Temple of Sethraliss within 10 seconds on Mythic difficulty.
The Temple of Sethraliss - Restore the Avatar of Sethraliss in the Temple of Sethraliss.
Heroic: The Temple of Sethraliss - Restore the Avatar of Sethraliss in the Temple of Sethraliss on Heroic difficulty or higher.
Mythic: The Temple of Sethraliss - Restore the Avatar of Sethraliss in the Temple of Sethraliss on Mythic difficulty.
Ready for War - Complete the war campaign in Zandalar and Kul Tiras.
Ready for War - Complete the war campaign in Kul'Tiras and Zandalar.
Allied Races: Dark Iron Dwarf - Complete the Dark Iron dwarf unlock quest line. Reward: Dark Iron Dwarf Race Unlocked
Allied Races: Dark Iron Dwarf Hidden Character Achievement - Complete the quest below.
Allied Races: Mag'har Orc Hidden Character Achievement - Complete the quest below.
Allied Races: Mag'har Orc - Complete the Mag'har orc unlock quest line. Reward: Mag'har Orc Race Unlocked
Halls of Containment - Defeat the following bosses in the first section of Uldir.
Crimson Descent - Defeat the following bosses in the depths of Uldir.
Heart of Corruption - Defeat the following bosses and extinguish the corruption in the lowest reaches of Uldir.
Mythic: Taloc - Defeat Taloc in Uldir on Mythic difficulty.
Mythic: MOTHER - Defeat MOTHER in Uldir on Mythic difficulty.
Mythic: Zek'vohj - Defeat Zek'vohj in Uldir on Mythic difficulty.
Mythic: Blood Elemental - Defeat the Blood Elemental in Uldir on Mythic difficulty.
Mythic: Fetid Devourer - Defeat the Fetid Devourer in Uldir on Mythic difficulty.
Mythic: Zul - Defeat Zul in Uldir on Mythic difficulty.
Mythic: Mythrax - Defeat Mythrax in Uldir on Mythic difficulty.
Mythic: G'huun - Defeat G'huun in Uldir on Mythic difficulty.
Cutting Edge: G'huun - Defeat G'huun in Uldir on Mythic difficulty, before the release of the next raid tier.
Ahead of the Curve: G'huun - Defeat G'huun in Uldir on Heroic difficulty or higher, before the release of the next raid tier.
Uldir Guild Run - Defeat the bosses of Uldir on Normal difficulty or higher, while in a guild group.