chaud2018-02-14, 06:13 PMThe Mythic Dungeon Invitational Is Back: Get Ready for the Proving Grounds
As we announced during our WoW Esports live stream, Season 2 of the Mythic Dungeon Invitational is almost here! It’s time for the best dungeon teams from around the globe to show us what you’ve got. To kick things off, we wanted to share some additional details on this season’s Proving Grounds.

Everything You Need to Know About Proving Grounds

Feb 27 - Proving Ground Week 1 – Raging, Volcanic, Tyrannical
Mar 6 - Proving Ground Week 2 – Teeming, Explosive, Fortified

Like last season, we’re kicking things off with a period we call Proving Grounds, when teams come together to prove they’ve got what it takes. This year’s Proving Grounds will be similar to last year’s, with a few slight changes. 

The Proving Grounds period kicks off for the Americas region on February 27 at 10h00 CET. Week 2 begins March 6 at the same time, and the Proving Grounds ends March 13 at 7 a.m. PST 10 a.m. EST. Teams on Oceanic realms will also use this time frame for submitting scores from the Asia-Pacific APAC region. This will ensure that their runs line up with the appropriate Mythic Keystone affix rotation cycles.

During the two-week Proving Grounds period, you’ll form a group of five friends and tackle the highest difficulty Mythic Keystone dungeons you can handle. Your goal is to complete a total of five level 23 Mythic Keystone dungeons over those two weeks. Keep in mind the following:


Your group must have the same five player characters for all five runs; you can’t swap in another character.
Duplicate dungeons won’t count toward your runs, so make sure you tackle a variety.
Runs must be completed within the Keystone timer to count the timer varies by dungeon.


Once your group has completed the dungeons on the required difficulty, you’ll need to choose a team captain to register your team. Check back on this post when the Proving Ground period ends to learn more about where and how to submit your best time.

If your team clears the dungeons, submits their times by the deadline, and meets the requirements regional eligibility, accounts in good standing, you’ll receive an invitation to the Mythic Dungeon Invitational tournament realm for the next stage of the tournament: the Time Trials.

We’ll post the official rules for the tournament soon, but in the meantime, make sure that you and your team members meet our regional eligibility requirements:


Americas – This region includes legal residents of the United States, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Chile, and Argentina, excluding the U.S. states of Arizona, Connecticut, Maryland, North Dakota, and Vermont, the Canadian province of Quebec, and where otherwise prohibited or restricted.
Europe – This region includes legal residents of Algeria, Austria, Bahrain, Belarus, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Denmark, Egypt, Estonia, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Malta, Morocco, Norway, Poland, Portugal, the Republic of Moldova, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, State of Qatar, Sweden, Switzerland, the Czech Republic, the Netherlands, Ukraine, Tunisia, Turkey, and the United Kingdom, excluding where otherwise prohibited or restricted.
China – This region includes legal residents of the People’s Republic of China, excluding where otherwise prohibited or restricted.
Asia-Pacific – This region includes legal residents of Hong Kong, Macau, Korea, Taiwan, New Zealand, Australia, Singapore, Thailand, the Philippines, Malaysia, Vietnam, and Indonesia, excluding where otherwise prohibited or restricted.


We’ll be back soon to discuss Stage 2 of the Mythic Dungeon Invitational, the Time Trials. Until then, good luck in the Proving Grounds!