chaud2018-02-13, 08:10 PMBattle for Azeroth Alpha - Build 26032
A new patch is on the way! The diffs below are comparing the latest build to Build 26010 on Friday 


Achievement Changes
Cooking
Professions

Cataclysmic Cook  Name changed from "Illustrious Grand Master Cook" to "Cataclysmic Cook". Obtain 525 skill points in cooking. 10 points. Obtain 75 skill points in the "Cataclysm" category of cooking. 10 points.
Classic Cook  Name changed from "Artisan Cook" to "Classic Cook". Obtain 300 skill points in cooking. 10 points. the "Classic" category of cooking. 10 points.
Draenor Cook  Obtain 700 skill points in cooking. 10 points. Obtain 100 skill points in the "Draenor" category of cooking. 10 points.
Expert Cook  Obtain 225 skill points in cooking. 10 points. the "Classic" category of cooking. 10 points.
Journeyman Cook  Obtain 150 skill points in cooking. 10 points. the "Classic" category of cooking. 10 points.
Legion Cook  Obtain 800 skill points in cooking. 10 points. Obtain 100 skill points in the "Legion" category of cooking. 10 points.
Master of Pandaren Cooking  Obtain 600 Obtain 75 skill points in all six Ways of Pandaren cooking. Title: Master of the Ways. 10 points.
Master of the Brew  Obtain 600 Obtain 75 skill points in the Way of the Brew. 10 points.
Master of the Grill  Obtain 600 Obtain 75 skill points in the Way of the Grill. 10 points.
Master of the Oven  Obtain 600 Obtain 75 skill points in the Way of the Oven. 10 points.
Master of the Pot  Obtain 600 Obtain 75 skill points in the Way of the Pot. 10 points.
Master of the Steamer  Obtain 600 Obtain 75 skill points in the Way of the Steamer. 10 points.
Master of the Wok  Obtain 600 Obtain 75 skill points in the Way of the Wok. 10 points.
Northrend Cook  Name changed from "Grand Master Cook" to "Northrend Cook". Obtain 450 skill points in cooking. 10 points. Obtain 75 skill points in the "Northrend" category of cooking. 10 points.
Outland Cook  Name changed from "Master Cook" to "Outland Cook". Obtain 375 skill points in cooking. 10 points. Obtain 75 skill points in the "Outland" category of cooking. 10 points.
Zen Master Cook  Obtain 600 skill points in cooking. 10 points. Obtain 75 skill points in the "Pandaria" category of cooking. 10 points.


Professions

Draenor Master of All  Name changed from "Grand Master of All" to "Draenor Master of All". Raise all primary professions to 700 skill points. 50 points. Account Wide. 100 skill points in the "Draenor" category. 50 points. Account Wide.
Jack of All Trades  Raise five different primary professions to 600 skill points. 25 points. Account Wide. primary professions to 75 skill points in the "Pandaria" category. 25 points. Account Wide.
Legion Master of All  Raise all primary professions to 800 skill points. 50 points. Account Wide. 100 skill points in the "Legion" category. 50 points. Account Wide.
Pandaren Master of All  Name changed from "Master of All" to "Pandaren Master of All". Raise all primary professions to 600 skill points. 50 points. Account Wide. 75 skill points in the "Pandaria" category. 50 points. Account Wide.
Professional Cataclsymic Master  Name changed from "Professional Illustrious Grand Master" to "Professional Cataclsymic Master". Obtain 525 skill points in a profession. 10 points. Obtain 75 skill points in a "Cataclysm" category of a profession. 10 points.
Professional Classic Master  Name changed from "Professional Artisan" to "Professional Classic Master". Obtain 300 skill points in a profession. 10 points. "Classic" category of a profession. 10 points.
Professional Draenor Master  Name changed from "Draenor Master" to "Professional Draenor Master". Obtain 700 skill points in Obtain 100 skill points in a "Draenor" category of a profession. Title Reward: Artisan. 10 points.
Professional Expert  Obtain 225 skill points in a profession. 10 points. "Classic" category of a profession. 10 points.
Professional Journeyman  Obtain 150 skill points in a profession. 10 points. "Classic" category of a profession. 10 points.
Professional Legion Master  Obtain 800 skill points in a profession. 10 points. Obtain 100 skill points in a "Legion" category of a profession. 10 points.
Professional Northrend Master  Name changed from "Professional Grand Master" to "Professional Northrend Master". Obtain 450 skill points in a profession. 10 points. Obtain 75 skill points in a "Northrend" category of a profession. 10 points.
Professional Outland Master  Name changed from "Professional Master" to "Professional Outland Master". Obtain 375 skill points in a profession. 10 points. Obtain 75 skill points in an "Outland" category of a profession. 10 points.
Professional Zen Master  Obtain 600 skill points in a profession. 10 points. Obtain 75 skill points in a "Pandaria" category of a profession. 10 points.
Working For a Living  Obtain 600 skill points in Obtain 75 skill points in a "Pandaria" category of two primary professions. 10 points.
Working in Draenor  Obtain 700 skill points in Obtain 100 skill points in a "Draenor" category of two primary professions. 10 points.
Working In the Cold  Name changed from "Working Day and Night" to "Working In the Cold". Obtain 450 skill points in Obtain 75 skill points in a "Northrend" category of two primary professions. 10 points.
Working In the Heat  Name changed from "Working Around the Clock" to "Working In the Heat". Obtain 525 skill points in Obtain 75 skill points in a "Cataclysm" category of two primary professions. 10 points.
Working the Isles  Obtain 800 skill points in Obtain 100 skill points in a "Legion" category of two primary professions. 10 points.


Legacy

Artisan Medic  Obtain 300 skill points in first aid. 10 points.
Draenor Medic  Obtain 700 skill points in first aid. 10 points.
Expert Medic  Obtain 225 skill points in first aid. 10 points.
Field Medic  Come to the aid of all wounded travelers across the Broken Isles. Title: Field Medic. 10 points.
Grand Master Medic  Obtain 450 skill points in first aid. 10 points.
Heroic Skills to Pay the Bills  Obtain 800 skill points in Fishing, First Aid, Cooking, and Archaeology. 10 points.
Illustrious Grand Master Medic  Obtain 525 skill points in first aid. 10 points.
Is There a Medic in the Zone?  Come to the aid of 10 wounded travelers across the Broken Isles. 5 points.
Journeyman Medic  Obtain 150 skill points in first aid. 10 points.
Legion Medic  Obtain 800 skill points in first aid. 10 points.
Master Medic  Obtain 375 skill points in first aid. 10 points.
More Skills to Pay the Bills  Obtain 525 skill points in Fishing, First Aid, Cooking, and Archaeology. 10 points.
Preparing for Disaster  Create 500 Dense Embersilk Bandages. 10 points.
Savage Skills to Pay the Bills  Obtain 700 skill points in Fishing, First Aid, Cooking, and Archaeology. 10 points.
Serious Skills to Pay the Bills  Obtain 600 skill points in Fishing, First Aid, Cooking, and Archaeology. 10 points.
Skills to Pay the Bills  Obtain 450 skill points in Fishing, First Aid, and Cooking. 10 points.
Stocking Up  Create 500 Heavy Frostweave Bandages. 10 points.
Ultimate Triage  Use a Heavy Frostweave Bandage, or any Embersilk or Windwool Bandage, to heal a player who has less than 5% health. 10 points.
Zen Master Medic  Obtain 600 skill points in first aid. 10 points.


Zandalar
Exploration

Get Hek'd  Earn 4 caches boons of Jani in each zone of Zandalar. 10 points.




Talent Changes
Hunter
Beast Mastery

Animal Companion [NYI]  Name changed from "Way of the Cobra" to "Animal Companion [NYI]". Row 1, Column 2. Spell: Way of the Cobra  Animal Companion [NYI] 


Survival

A Murder of Crows  Row 4, Column 3. Spell: A Murder of Crows  A Murder of Crows 


Warlock
Demonology

Biliescourge Bombers New  Row 4, Column 3. Spell: Biliescourge Bombers 
Demonic Calling  Name changed from "Shadowflame" to "Demonic Calling". Row 1, Column 2. Spell: Shadowflame  Demonic Calling 
Demonic Consumption  Name changed from "Doom" to "Demonic Consumption". Row 6, Column 2. Spell: Doom  Demonic Consumption 
Demonic Strength  Name changed from "Hand of Doom" to "Demonic Strength". Row 4, Column 2. Spell: Hand of Doom  Demonic Strength 
Demonic Strength  Name changed from "Shadowy Inspiration" to "Demonic Strength". Row 1, Column 1. Spell: Shadowy Inspiration  Demonic Strength 
Doom  Name changed from "Demonic Calling" to "Doom". Row 1, Column 3. Spell: Demonic Calling  Doom 
Inner Demons New  Row 7, Column 1. Spell: Inner Demons  Replaces: Imp Swarm 
Nether Portal  Name changed from "Demonbolt" to "Nether Portal". Row 7, Column 3. Spell: Demonbolt  Replaces: Shadow Bolt  Nether Portal 
Overloaded  Name changed from "Power Trip" to "Overloaded". Row 4, Column 1. Spell: Power Trip  Overloaded 
Power Siphon  Name changed from "Improved Dreadstalkers" to "Power Siphon". Row 2, Column 2. Spell: Improved Dreadstalkers  Power Siphon 
Riders  Name changed from "Impending Doom" to "Riders". Row 2, Column 1. Spell: Impending Doom  Riders 
Soul Conduit  Name changed from "Summon Darkglare" to "Soul Conduit". Row 7, Column 2. Spell: Summon Darkglare  Soul Conduit 
Summon Vilefiend  Name changed from "Implosion" to "Summon Vilefiend". Row 2, Column 3. Spell: Implosion  Summon Vilefiend 


Destruction

Flashover  Name changed from "Backdraft" to "Flashover". Row 1, Column 2. Spell: Backdraft  Flashover 


Warrior
Arms

Impending Victory  Name changed from "Weapon Specialist" to "Impending Victory". Row 2, Column 2. Spell: Weapon Specialist  Impending Victory  Replaces: Victory Rush 


Fury

Impending Victory  Name changed from "Coming Soon" to "Impending Victory". Row 2, Column 2. Spell: Coming Soon  Impending Victory 




Spell Changes
Item Set Bonuses

Attack Power 30  Increases attack power by 15. Increases Strength and Agility by 15.
Attack Power 50  Increases attack power by 25. Increases Strength and Agility by 25.
Item - LFR T17 Mail Agility 4P Bonus  Your special attacks have a 10% chance to impale the target with metal spikes, dealing [ 16.38% of Attack Power ] Physical damage. 5,000 Physical damage.
Item - LFR T17 Mail Caster 4P Bonus  Your damaging spells have a 10% chance to summon an electric orb at the target's location for 8 sec, causing [ 6.25% of Spell Power 1;] Nature damage to all enemies within 6 yards every 2 sec. 
Item - Shaman T18 Enhancement 2P Bonus  You have a 12% chance whenever your Maelstrom Weapon effect occurs to Electrocute all nearby enemies within 10 yards for [ 3.94% of Spell Power ] Nature damage. 0 Nature damage.


 Death Knight Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Talents

Frostscythe  A sweeping attack that strikes all enemies in front of you for 0 [ 16.2% of Attack Power Frost damage. This attack benefits from Killing Machine. Critical strikes with Frostscythe deal 4 times normal damage. Frost Death Knight - Level 90 Talent. 1 Runes. 8 yd range. Instant.


 Demon Hunter Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Havoc

Havoc Demon Hunter  Increases damage/healing by 14%: Anguish of the Deceiver, Dark Slash, Demon's Bite, Eye of Leotheras, Fel Barrage, Fel Eruption, Felblade, Fury of the Illidari, Immolation Aura, Inner Demons, Insatiable Hunger Increases periodic damage/healing by 14%: Anguish of the Deceiver, Dark Slash, Demon's Bite, Eye of Leotheras, Fel Barrage, Fel Eruption, Felblade, Fury of the Illidari, Immolation Aura, Inner Demons, Insatiable Hunger Demon Hunter - Havoc Spec.


 Druid Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Feral & Guardian

Nurturing Instinct  Increases your spell power by 120% of your Agility. Druid - Feral & Guardian Spec. 100% of your attack power. Druid - Feral & Guardian Spec.


 Hunter Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Talents

A Murder of Crows  Summons a flock of crows to attack your target, dealing [ 424.6% of Attack Power ] Physical damage over 15 sec. When a target dies while affected by this ability, its cooldown will If the target dies while under attack, A Murder of Crows' cooldown is reset. Marksmanship Hunter - Level 15 Talent. 30 Focus. 40 yd range. Instant.
Animal Companion [NYI] New  Your Call Pet additionally summons the first pet from your stable. This pet will obey your Kill Command, but cannot use pet family abilities. Beast Mastery Hunter - Level 15 Talent.
Chakrams  Throw a pair of chakrams at your target, slicing all enemies in the chakrams' path for 0% of weapon damage [ 105.4% of Attack Power  Physical damage. The chakrams will return to you, damaging enemies again as they return. Survival Hunter - Level 100 Talent. 40 yd range. Instant. 30 Focus. 40 yd range. Instant.
One with the Pack  Grants Wild Call a 30% increased chance to reset the cooldown of Dire Frenzy Beast. Beast Mastery Hunter - Level 30 Talent.


Beast Mastery

Kill Command  Give the command to kill, causing your pet to savagely deal damage Physical damage to the enemy. Hunter - Beast Mastery Spec. 30 Focus. 40 yd range. Instant. 50 yd range. Instant.
Wild Call  Your auto shot critical strikes have a 20% chance to reset the cooldown of Dire Frenzy. Hunter - Beast Mastery Spec. Beast. Hunter - Beast Mastery Spec.


Survival

Aspect of the Eagle  Your pet's attacks have a 25% chance to grant you a charge of Mongoose Bite. Lasts 10 sec. 100 yd range. Instant. The range of your Mongoose Bite is increased to 0 to 40 yds. Lasts 15 sec. Hunter - Survival Spec. 100 yd range. Instant.
Kill Command  Give the command to kill, causing your pet to savagely deal damage Physical damage to the enemy. Has a 30% chance to immediately reset its cooldown. Generates 20 Focus. Hunter - Survival Spec. 40 yd range. Instant. 50 yd range. Instant.
Wildfire Bomb  Hurl a bomb at the target, exploding for [ 15.6% of Attack Power ] Fire damage and coating them in wildfire, scorching themselves and nearby enemies for [ 93.6% of Attack Power ] Fire damage over 6 sec. 1 charge. Hunter - Survival Spec. 10 Focus. 40 yd range. Instant. 15 sec recharge. 1 charge.


 Mage Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Arcane

Arcane Explosion  Causes an explosion of magic around the caster, dealing [ 60% of Spell Power ] Arcane damage to all enemies within 10 yards. Damage increased by 60% per Arcane Charge. Mana cost increased by 100% per Arcane Charge. Generates 1 Arcane Charge if any targets are hit. Mage - Arcane Spec. 12% of Base Mana. Instant.


 Paladin Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Protection

Protection Paladin  Increases damage/healing by 12%: Avenger's Shield, Blessed Hammer, Divine Hammer, Execution Sentence, Eye for an Eye, Greater Judgment, Hammer of Reckoning, Hammer of the Righteous, Holy Prism, Holy Shield, Judgment, Justicar's Vengeance, Light's Hammer, Retribution Aura, Shield of the Righteous, Wake of Ashes, Zeal Increases damage/healing by 42%: Flash of Light Increases damage/healing by 35%: Greater Judgment and Judgment Decreases damage/healing by 10%: Consecration Paladin - Protection Spec.


Retribution

Retribution Paladin  Increases damage/healing by 5%: Blade of Justice, Blessed Hammer, Divine Hammer, Divine Storm, Execution Sentence, Eye for an Eye, Greater Judgment, Hammer of Reckoning, Holy Prism, Holy Shield, Justicar's Vengeance, Light's Hammer, Retribution Aura, Wake of Ashes, Zeal Increases periodic damage/healing by 5%: Blade of Justice, Blessed Hammer, Divine Hammer, Divine Storm, Execution Sentence, Eye for an Eye, Greater Judgment, Hammer of Reckoning, Holy Prism, Holy Shield, Justicar's Vengeance, Light's Hammer, Retribution Aura, Wake of Ashes, Zeal Increases damage/healing by 42%: Flash of Light Increases damage/healing by 44%: Greater Judgment Increases damage/healing by 114%: Consecration Paladin - Retribution Spec.


 Priest Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Shadow

Mastery: Madness  Increases the damage of your Shadow Word: Pain, Vampiric Touch, and Void Bolt by [ 250% Shadow Word: Void, Mind Flay, Void Eruption, and Void Bolt by [ 140% of Spell Power ]%. Priest - Shadow Spec.


 Rogue Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Talents

Dirty Tricks  Cheap Shot, Gouge, Sap, and Dismantle and Sap no longer cost Energy. Outlaw Rogue - Level 75 Talent.
Prey on the Weak Outlaw  Enemies disabled by your Cheap Shot, Dismantle, or Between the Eyes take 10% increased damage from all sources for 6 sec.


Assassination

Assassination Rogue  Increases damage/healing by 10%: Bag of Tricks, Cannonball Barrage, Creeping Venom, Deadly Poison, Death from Above, Envenom, Eviscerate, Fan of Knives, From the Shadows, Garrote, Ghostly Strike, Gloomblade, Internal Bleeding, Killing Spree, Kingsbane, Mind-numbing Poison, Mutilate, Neurotoxin Mutilate, Poison Bomb, Poisoned Knife, Rupture, Shiv, Sinister Strike, System Shock Sinister Strike, Toxic Blade, Wound Poison Increases periodic damage/healing by 10%: Bag of Tricks, Cannonball Barrage, Creeping Venom, Deadly Poison, Death from Above, Envenom, Eviscerate, Fan of Knives, From the Shadows, Garrote, Ghostly Strike, Gloomblade, Internal Bleeding, Killing Spree, Kingsbane, Mind-numbing Poison, Mutilate, Neurotoxin Mutilate, Poison Bomb, Poisoned Knife, Rupture, Shiv, Sinister Strike, System Shock Sinister Strike, Toxic Blade, Wound Poison Rogue - Assassination Spec.


Outlaw

Outlaw Rogue  Increases damage/healing by 42%: Ambush, Between the Eyes, Blunderbuss, Cannonball Barrage, Creeping Venom, Death from Above, Ghostly Strike, Gloomblade, Greed, Internal Bleeding, Killing Spree, Mind-numbing Poison, Neurotoxin, Pistol Shot, Poison Bomb, Run Through, Saber Slash, Shiv, System Shock, Toxic Blade Increases periodic damage/healing by 42%: Ambush, Between the Eyes, Blunderbuss, Cannonball Barrage, Creeping Venom, Death from Above, Ghostly Strike, Gloomblade, Greed, Internal Bleeding, Killing Spree, Mind-numbing Poison, Neurotoxin, Pistol Shot, Poison Bomb, Run Through, Saber Slash, Shiv, System Shock, Toxic Blade Increases damage/healing by 30%: Death from Above Rogue - Outlaw Spec.


Subtlety

Subtlety Rogue  Increases damage/healing by 25%: Akaari's Soul, Backstab, Cannonball Barrage, Creeping Venom, Death from Above, Eviscerate, Ghostly Strike, Gloomblade, Goremaw's Bite, Internal Bleeding, Killing Spree, Mind-numbing Poison, Neurotoxin, Nightblade, Poison Bomb, Second Shuriken, Shadowstrike, Shiv, Shuriken Storm, Shuriken Toss, System Shock Shuriken Storm, Shuriken Toss, Toxic Blade Increases periodic damage/healing by 25%: Akaari's Soul, Backstab, Cannonball Barrage, Creeping Venom, Death from Above, Eviscerate, Ghostly Strike, Gloomblade, Goremaw's Bite, Internal Bleeding, Killing Spree, Mind-numbing Poison, Neurotoxin, Nightblade, Poison Bomb, Second Shuriken, Shadowstrike, Shiv, Shuriken Storm, Shuriken Toss, System Shock Shuriken Storm, Shuriken Toss, Toxic Blade Rogue - Subtlety Spec.


 Warlock Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Talents

Biliescourge Bombers New  Tear open a portal to the nether above the target location, from which several Bilescourge will pour out of and crash into the ground, dealing 1 damage to all enemies within 0 yards. Demonology Warlock - Level 60 Talent. 100 yd range. 1.5 sec cast.
Deathbolt  Launches a bolt of death at the target, dealing 15% 35% of the total remaining damage of your damage over time effects on the target. Counts up to 16 sec of your Corruption's damage. Affliction Warlock - Level 15 Talent. 2% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. 2 sec cast.
Demonic Calling  Shadowbolt has a 20% chance, and Demonwrath has a 5% chance on each target, to make your next Call Dreadstalkers cost no Soul Shards. Demonology Warlock - Level 15 Talent.
Demonic Consumption New  Your Demon Commander now destroys and absorbs the remaining power of all of your Wild Imps to empower himself. Demonology Warlock - Level 90 Talent. 100 yd range.
Demonic Strength New  Infuse your Felguard with demonic power, increasing all damage it deals by 100% and causing it to use a bonus attack every 5 sec for 20 sec. Demonology Warlock - Level 60 Talent. 100 yd range. Instant.
Demonic Strength  Name changed from "Shadow Bolt" to "Demonic Strength". Sends a shadowy bolt at the enemy, causing [ 31.25% of Spell Power ] Shadow damage. 2% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. 2 sec cast. Felguard deals 50% increased damage, and the cooldown of Felstorm is reduced by 5,000%. Demonology Warlock - Level 15 Talent. 100 yd range.
Doom  Inflicts impending doom upon the target, causing [ 250% of Spell Power ] Shadow damage after 30 sec. Limit 1. Demonology Warlock - Level 90 15 Talent. 1% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. Instant.
Eradication  Chaos Bolt increases the damage you deal to the target by 15% 10% for 7 sec. Destruction Warlock - Level 15 Talent.
Flashover New  Conflagrate grants an additional stack of Backdraft. Destruction Warlock - Level 15 Talent.
Inner Demons New  Imp Swarm is now a passive ability that summons one Wild Imp every 10 sec. Every time this summons a Wild Imp, you have a 20% chance to also a summon an additional Demon to fight for you for until cancelled. Demonology Warlock - Level 100 Talent. 100 yd range.
Nether Portal New  Tear open a portal to the Twisting Nether for 20 sec. Every time you spend Soul Shards, you will also command demons from the Nether to come out and fight for you. Demonology Warlock - Level 100 Talent. 5 Soul Shard. 40 yd range. 2.5 sec cast.
Overloaded New  Molten Core now makes Soulfire instant cast. Demonology Warlock - Level 60 Talent. 40 yd range.
Power Siphon  Name changed from "Hand of Gul'dan" to "Power Siphon". Calls down a demonic meteor full of Wild Imps which burst forth to attack the target for 12 sec. Deals up to Spell Power Shadowflame damage on impact to all enemies within 8 yds of the target, applies Doom to each target, and summons Instantly sacrifice up to 4 Wild Imps, based on Soul Shards consumed. 100 yd range. Instant. to generate 4 charges of Molten Core. Demonology Warlock - Level 30 Talent. 100 yd range. Instant.
Riders  Name changed from "Hand of Gul'dan" to "Riders". Calls down a demonic meteor full of Wild Imps which burst forth to attack the target for 12 sec. Deals up to Spell Power Shadowflame damage on impact to all enemies within 8 yds of the target and summons up to 4 Wild Imps, based on Soul Shards consumed. 1 Soul Shard. 40 yd range. 1.5 sec cast. Hand of Gul'dan has a 25% chance per Soul Shard spent to spawn an additional Wild Imp. Demonology Warlock - Level 30 Talent. 40 yd range.
Soul Harvest  Affliction: Increases your damage and your pets' damage by 20%. Lasts 4 sec, increased by 6 sec for each target afflicted by your Agony, up to a maximum of 36 sec. Demonology: Increases your damage and your pets' damage by 20%. Lasts 4 sec, increased by 6 sec for each target afflicted by your Doom, up to a maximum of 36 sec. Warlock - Level 60 Talent. Instant.
Summon Vilefiend  Name changed from "Fel Firebolt" to "Summon Vilefiend". Deals [ 8% of Spell Power ] Fire damage to a target. 20 Energy. 40 yd range. Instant. Summon a Vilefiend to fight for you for the next 15 sec. Demonology Warlock - Level 30 Talent. 1 Soul Shard. 40 yd range. 2 sec cast.


Affliction

Affliction Warlock  Increases damage/healing by 20%: Agony, Biliescourge Bombers, Cataclysm, Channel Demonfire, Compounding Horror, Corruption, Demonbolt, Doom, Drain Life, Grimoire of Sacrifice, Harvester of Souls, Haunt, Hellfire, Implosion, Phantom Singularity, Rend Soul, Roaring Blaze, Seed of Corruption, Shadow Bolt, Shadowburn, Shadowflame, Siphon Life, Soul Fire, Soul Flame, Unstable Affliction Increases periodic damage/healing by 20%: Agony, Biliescourge Bombers, Cataclysm, Channel Demonfire, Compounding Horror, Corruption, Demonbolt, Doom, Drain Life, Grimoire of Sacrifice, Harvester of Souls, Haunt, Hellfire, Implosion, Phantom Singularity, Rend Soul, Roaring Blaze, Seed of Corruption, Shadow Bolt, Shadowburn, Shadowflame, Siphon Life, Soul Fire, Soul Flame, Unstable Affliction Warlock - Affliction Spec.


Demonology

Call Dreadstalkers  Summons 2 ferocious Dreadstalkers to attack the target for 12 8 sec. Warlock - Demonology Spec. 2 Soul Shard. 40 yd range. 2 sec cast.
Demon Commander  Summon a Demonic Commander to increase the duration of all of your current demons by 15.0 sec, and increase the damage of all of your other demons by 15%, while casting Shadow Bolt Volley at your enemies. Warlock - Demonology Spec. 2% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. 2 sec cast.
Hand of Gul'dan  Calls down a demonic meteor full of Wild Imps which burst forth to attack the target for 12 sec. Deals up to Spell Power Shadowflame damage on impact to all enemies within 8 yds of the target, applies Doom to each target, and summons up to 4 Wild Imps, based on Soul Shards consumed. Warlock - Demonology Spec. 1 Soul Shard. 40 yd range. 1.5 sec cast.
Imp Swarm  Summon 5 Imps around you Wild Imps around you. Warlock - Demonology Spec. 2% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. Instant.
Molten Core New  When your Wild Imps expend all of their energy, they have a 15% chance to combust into a ball of energy, granting you a stack of Molten Core. Molten Core reduces the cast time of Soulfire by 75%. Maximum 4 stacks. Warlock - Demonology Spec. 100 yd range.
Soulfire  Calls down a demonic meteor full of Wild Imps which burst forth to attack the target for 12 sec. Deals up to Spell Power Shadowflame damage on impact to all enemies within 8 yds of the target, applies Doom to each target, and summons up to 4 Wild Imps, based on Soul Shards consumed. Warlock - Demonology Spec. 40 yd range. 6 sec cast.


Destruction

Backdraft  Conflagrate reduces the cast time of your next two Incinerates or Chaos Bolts by 30%. Destruction Warlock - Level 15 Talent. Incinerate or Chaos Bolt by 30%. Warlock - Destruction Spec.
Destruction Warlock  Increases damage/healing by 15%: Biliescourge Bombers: Cataclysm, Channel Demonfire, Chaos Bolt, Conflagrate, Demonbolt, Doom, Drain Life, Grimoire of Sacrifice, Haunt, Hellfire, Immolate, Implosion, Incinerate, Phantom Singularity, Rain of Fire, Roaring Blaze, Shadow Bolt, Shadowburn, Shadowflame, Siphon Life, Soul Fire Increases periodic damage/healing by 15%: Biliescourge Bombers, Cataclysm, Channel Demonfire, Chaos Bolt, Conflagrate, Demonbolt, Doom, Drain Life, Grimoire of Sacrifice, Haunt, Hellfire, Immolate, Implosion, Incinerate, Phantom Singularity, Rain of Fire, Roaring Blaze, Shadow Bolt, Shadowburn, Shadowflame, Siphon Life, Soul Fire Warlock - Destruction Spec.


 Warrior Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Berserker Rage Fury  Also Enrages you for 4 sec. 6 sec.


Fury

Enrage  Bloodthirst critical strikes or activating Berserker Rage will Enrage you, increasing your attack speed by 50% and damage you take by 20% for 4 sec. Warrior - Fury Spec. 6 sec. Warrior - Fury Spec.


Protection

Demoralizing Shout  Demoralizes all enemies within 10 yards, reducing the damage they do to you by 20% for 8 sec. Generates 0 Rage. Warrior - Protection Spec. Instant.
Thunder Clap  Blasts all enemies within 8 yards for [ 39.31% of Attack Power ] damage, rooting them for 1 sec and reducing and reduces their movement speed by 20% for 10 sec. Generates 5 Rage. Warrior - Protection Spec. Instant.


Item Effects

Band of the Eternal Champion  Chance on hit to increase your attack power by 160 for 10 seconds. Strength and Agility by 80 for 10 sec seconds.
Blockades Deck New  Combine the Ace through Eight of Blockades to complete the set. 3 sec cast. Reagents: Ace of Blockades, Two of Blockades, Three of Blockades, Four of Blockades, Five of Blockades, Six of Blockades, Seven of Blockades, Eight of Blockades.
Blood Vial  Name changed from "UNUSED" to "Blood Vial". Spit a huge boulder, inflicting Physical damage and stunning the target. 8-50 yd range. Instant. Covers the area with the scent of an injured beast. 70 yd range. 2 sec cast.
Calming Charm New  Inflicts 0 Nature damage to all targets within 0 yards of the impact. Weakens Greenstalker significantly. 100 yd range. Instant.
Detonate Mana  Releases all mana stored within the doll, causing you to gain that much mana, and all enemies within 15 0 yards take 1 point of Arcane damage for each point of mana released. Instant.
Dimensional Siphon  Increases melee and ranged attack power by 600. Instant. Increases Strength and Agility by 300. Instant.
Fathoms Deck New  Combine the Ace through Eight of Fathoms to complete the set. 3 sec cast. Reagents: Ace of Fathoms, Two of Fathoms, Three of Fathoms, Four of Fathoms, Five of Fathoms, Six of Fathoms, Seven of Fathoms, Eight of Fathoms.
First Aid New  Heals 96,000 damage over 8 sec. 15 yd range. Instant Channeled.
First Aid New  Heals 96,000 damage over 8 sec. 15 yd range. Instant Channeled.
Jani Whisper New  Melee range. Instant.
Mind Amplification Dish  Engage in mental combat with a humanoid target in an attempt to pacify or control them. Affects only targets up to level 83. 30 yd range. 0.5 sec cast. 10 min cooldown.
PH Pterrordax Mount New  Summons and dismisses your PH Pterrordax Mount. 1.5 sec cast.
Refreshment  Restores 200,000 health and 400,000 mana over 20 sec. Must remain seated while eating. If you spend at least 10 seconds eating you will become well fed and gain out of combat health regeneration increased by 400% for 60 min. Instant. while out of combat heal for 400 every 5 for 60 min. Instant.
Refreshment  Restores 200,000 health and 400,000 mana over 20 sec. Must remain seated while eating. If you spend at least 10 seconds eating you will become well fed and sprint gain Speed for a short time after killing an enemy. Instant.
Savage Snowball  Throw a snowball with a small rock inside, dealing 1 0 Physical damage. 30 yd range. Instant.
Shu-Zen, the Divine Sentinel New  Summons and dismisses Shu-Zen. 1.5 sec cast.
Squalls Deck New  Combine the Ace through Eight of Squalls to complete the set. 3 sec cast. Reagents: Ace of Squalls, Two of Squalls, Three of Squalls, Four of Squalls, Five of Squalls, Six of Squalls, Seven of Squalls, Eight of Squalls.
Summon Boat  This whistle will call one of my dockman. He will bring a boat around and get you safely Use whistle for quick transport to the Breath of Pa'ku. 100 yd range. Instant.
Tides Deck New  Combine the Ace through Eight of Tides to complete the set. 3 sec cast. Reagents: Ace of the Tides, Two of the Tides, Three of the Tides, Four of the Tides, Five of the Tides, Six of the Tides, Seven of the Tides, Eight of the Tides.
Tiny Elemental in a Jar New  Your attacks and abilities have a chance to give you Phenomenal Power. At 12 stacks Phenomenal Power is discharged into Unleashed Lightning, dealing 0 Nature damage. Approximately 20 procs per minute.




Adventure Map Points of Interest??
Questing

Nazmir New - Journey with Princess Talanji to the dark swamps of Nazmir to put an end to the threat of the blood trolls. Quest #47512 
Vol'dun New - General Jakra'zet's secrets lie somewhere in the sands. Head into the dunes and recover proof that will help remove him from power. Quest #47513 
Zuldazar New - Earn the trust of King Rastakhan and the Zanchuli Council. Quest #47514 


Currency Types
Miscellaneous

Essence of Storms - Extremely rare, found while killing enemies in the warfront. Used to unleash powerful abilities from the Altar of Storms. Max Quantity: 3. 1.


Factions
Battle for Azeroth

Proudmoore Admiralty - Name changed from "House Proudmoore 8.0" to "Proudmoore Admiralty". Masters of the sea and commanders of Azeroth's finest navy, the distinguished Proudmoore family has led Kul Tiras for decades from their seat of power in Boralus.


Unknown

8.0 - Stormsong - Crazed Diggers Anti-Social MDE New
8.0 - Stormsong - Crazed Diggers Social MDE New


Keystone Affixes

Blight New - Damage and healing done increased when injured, and reduced when healthy.


LFG Dungeons
Dungeons

Underrot - Name changed from "The Underrot" to "Underrot". Map: The Map Underrot. Level 108+. Suggested level: 110. Roles: 1 tank/1 healer/3 damage.
Underrot - Name changed from "The Underrot" to "Underrot". Map: The Map Underrot. Level 108+. Suggested level: 110. Roles: 1 tank/1 healer/3 damage.


Map Areas
8.0 Dev Land

Underrot - Name changed from "The Underrot" to "Underrot".


Kalimdor

Silithus > Silithus: The Wound > Magni's Encampment - Name changed from "Magni's Encampment" to "Silithus > Silithus: The Wound > Magni's Encampment".


Kul Tiras

Drustvar > Arom's Crossing - Name changed from "Drustvar > Arathor's Crossing" to "Drustvar > Arom's Crossing".
Drustvar > Chandlery Wharf New
Stormsong Valley > Sagehold - Name changed from "Stormsong Valley > Stormsong Keep" to "Stormsong Valley > Sagehold".
Tiragarde Sound > Hook Point Market New
Tiragarde Sound > Saltwater Alley - Name changed from "Tiragarde Sound > Boralus Slums" to "Tiragarde Sound > Saltwater Alley".


Underrot

Underrot - Name changed from "The Underrot" to "Underrot".


Zandalar

Vol'dun > Beastbreaker Den New
Vol'dun > Camp Lastwind - Name changed from "Vol'dun > Desperate Vulpera Camp" to "Vol'dun > Camp Lastwind".
Vol'dun > Shrouded Shore New


Map Difficulties

8.0 Islands - Platform - KL Skywall Entrance Building 03 New - Max players: 5.
Kalimdor Darkshore Phase New
Underrot - Heroic Dungeon - Name changed from "The Underrot - Heroic Dungeon" to "Underrot - Heroic Dungeon".
Underrot - Mythic Dungeon - Name changed from "The Underrot - Mythic Dungeon" to "Underrot - Mythic Dungeon".
Underrot - Normal Dungeon - Name changed from "The Underrot - Normal Dungeon" to "Underrot - Normal Dungeon".


Maps
Battle for Azeroth

8.0 Islands - Platform - KL Skywall Entrance Building 03 New
Kalimdor Darkshore Phase New
Underrot - Name changed from "The Underrot" to "Underrot".


Mounts
Flying Mounts

Shu-Zen, the Divine Sentinel New - Flying Mount. Shu-Zen, the Divine Sentinel  "As the Golden Lotus worked tirelessly to repair the Vale of Eternal blossoms, a single statue came to life and wordlessly defended them from the Sha that assaulted them. Believed by some to be a sign of good fortune and others to be a gift from the Light, Shu-Zen provides faithful companionship to any that would defend Azeroth from the maddening whispers of the Old Gods." Source: In-Game Shop 


Ground Mounts

Mag'har Direwolf New - Ground Mount. Mag'har Direwolf  "Native to Draenor, these wolves are preferred by the Mag'har for their ferocity, loyalty, and for something to snuggle on those cool winter nights." Source: PH
PH Pterrordax Mount New - Ground Mount. PH Pterrordax Mount  "Once a little hatchling, raised into a mighty pterrordax by a loving handler. He never did learn to fly, though." Source: Drop: PH 


Scenarios
The Battle for Stromgarde

01: Bring Them Down - Name changed from "01: Burn It Down" to "01: Bring Them Down". Defeat Molok the Crusher in Northfold. Defeat Veteran Sargeant Slayde in Northfold.
01: Gaining a Foothold - Establish Reclaim the Horde outpost.


Underrot

01: Underrot - Name changed from "01: The Underrot" to "01: Underrot".


World Safe Locations
Zandalar

8.0 Zuldazar - Dino Training - Pterrordax - Subadult Safe Loc JAK New