chaud2018-04-28, 07:28 PMMag'har Orcs and Dark Iron Dwarves Preview
Good allies are hard to find, but don’t worry—we’ve got you covered in Battle for Azeroth. Meet two new Allied Races that will become available over the course of your adventures in the new expansion, the Dark Iron dwarves and Mag’har orcs, and learn a bit about the racial traits currently in development.

Alliance: Dark Iron Dwarves
Known for their fiery tempers and fierce determination, Dark Iron dwarves have a turbulent history with the other clans. A failed coup in Ironforge ignited the War of the Three Hammers, and many of the Dark Iron once fought in the service of Ragnaros the Firelord. Though one faction is pledged to Queen-Regent Moira Thaurissan, others refuse to stand alongside their kin. The Alliance seeks a united Dark Iron clan to harness the power of Azerite and aid their struggle against the Horde.


  

Available Classes: Hunter, Mage, Monk, Paladin, Priest, Rogue, Shaman, Warlock, Warrior

Racials:

Fireblood  Dark Iron dwarves can empower themselves and purge debuffs afflicting them.
Dungeon Delver  Their time spent in the depths lets Dark Iron dwarves move faster while indoors.
Mass Production  Dark Iron dwarves have increased Blacksmithing skill and can craft faster.
Mole Machine  These digging devices can transport their masters to new locations.
Forged in Flames  Dark Iron dwarves take reduced Physical damage.


Learn more about Moira and the Dark Iron in our previously released stories:

Fault Lines  by Matt Burns and Ludo Lullabi comic
The Council of Three Hammers: Fire and Iron by  Matt Burns short story
The Jade Hunters  by Matt Burns short story

Horde: Mag’har Orc
For untold generations, the orc clans of Draenor battled one another in endless war. But when Gul'dan offered them the blood of his demonic masters, the disparate tribes of Mag'har—the orcish word for "uncorrupted"—refused the dark bargain and banded together to drive out the Burning Legion. United under the leadership of Grommash Hellscream, the Mag'har pledged to one day repay Azeroth's heroes for aiding their cause. As war against the Alliance intensifies, the Horde must call upon the might of the Mag'har to seize victory.


  

Available Classes: Hunter, Mage, Monk, Priest, Rogue, Shaman, Warrior

Racial Traits

Ancestral Call  Mag’har orcs can call upon the powers of their ancestors to assist in battle.
Open Skies  While outdoors, Mag’har orcs have increased flight speed.
Sympathetic Vigor  The health of the Mag’har orcs’ pets is increased.
Savage Blood  Poisons, diseases, and curses affect Mag’har orcs for a shorter duration.


Learn more about the orcs of Draenor in our previously released videos:

Lords of War  animated series
World of Warcraft: Warlords of Draenor Cinematic 

We’ll have more information on how to recruit these new allies in a future update; for now, those with Battle for Azeroth beta access will be able to create one of these new Allied Races within character creation screen and begin testing.

Which Allied Race will you choose?


Volunteer Guard Dayvgd
Volunteer Guard Day  allows you to help defend your faction's city and take on the appearance of a guard.


Approach any guard in your faction's city and /salute them

Alliance: Stormwind, Ironforge, Darnassus, The Exodar, Stormshield
Horde: Orgrimmar, Thunder Bluff, Undercity, Silvermoon, or Warspear

You will take on the appearance of the guard you interacted with, along with a 24H Volunteer City Guard  buff.
While you have the buff, City Invaders will spawn when you are in town and attack you. Defeat them to increase your kill count.
Killing 10 attackers adds the "Defender of X" to your buff, 50 for "Heroic Defender", and 250 for "Mythic Defender". This doesn't appear to have any actual effect.
This buff persists through death and changing of zones, but will be lost when entering an instance.
You can get the buff back again by saluting a guard. Losing the buff will not reset your kill counter.



<div class="gallery" id="gallery-VGD">          
</div>