chaud2018-02-04, 10:20 PMBattle for Azeroth Allied Races - Zandalari Trolls Preview
The Zandalari Trolls are the original trolls of Azeroth residing on the continent of Zandalar  They have a rich history and a proud heritage. Zandalari society worships Loa , animal gods and protectors. They also have a bond with the many dinosaur species found on the planet. The Horde are seeking to gain the trust of this tall-standing race to counter Alliance aggression.


      


Unlocking the Zandalari Trolls
The achievements required to unlock the ability to make a Zandalari Troll are not yet known. It is likely to involve new Battle for Azeroth content.
The Fall of Lordaeron

Step 01: Under Siege New - Find Saurfang.
Step 02: Spies in Our Midst New - Secure the Mage District.
Step 03: To the Heart! New - Follow Saurfang to the Heart of the City
Step 04: Evacuate the Heart of the City New - Evacuate the Remainder of Undercity
Step 05: To Battle! New - Use the Portal to meet with Sylvanas Windrunner.
Step 06: Push Them Back New - Break their front line
Step 07: Defend the Azerite War Machine New - Defend the Azerite War Machine
Step 08: Our Secret Weapon New - Use blight on Alliance forces to drive them away.
Step 09: Like Wildfire New - The Alliance have breached the wall. Meet with Nathanos Blightcaller to intercept them at a crucial chokepoint.
Step 10: Holding Them Back New - Intercept the Alliance with Nathanos Blightcaller.
Step 11: The King Piece New - Defeat King Anduin Wrynn and his Allies.
Step 12: Cry Havoc New - Sylvanas has called for the retreat.
Step 13: The Dark Lady New - Rendezvous with Sylvanas in the keep.


The Siege of Lordaeron

Step 01: The Third Fleet New - Meet with Genn Greymane inside Brill.
Step 02: Clearing the Way New - Siege Towers Defended
Step 03: Clearing the Way New - Defeat the Azerite War Machine
Step 04: Breach the Wall New - Keep Undercity's forces at bay with King Anduin until the trebuchets breach the wall.
Step 05: Blighted Grounds New - Evacuate wounded soldiers before they are infected by plague gas.
Step 06: The Light is Fading New - Fall back with King Anduin Wrynn.
Step 07: The Winds of Change New - Find Jaina at the walls of Lordaeron.
Step 08: What Lies Beyond New
Step 09: The Great Eagle New
Step 10: Pressing Onward New
Step 11: Abomination Wonderland New - Assault Lordaeron City
Step 12: Blast! New
Step 13: She's Getting Away! New - Pursue Sylvanas in the Gyrocopter.
Step 14: The High Overlord. New - Defeat High Overlord Saurfang.
Step 15: The Dark Lady New - Pursue Sylvanas.


The Stormwind Extraction

Step 01: In the Dead of Night New - Infiltrate Stormwind City.
Step 02: Down the Drain New - Open the sewer access gate.
Step 03: The Stockades New - Infiltrate the Stockades.
Step 04: Honor and Loyalty New - Release High Overlord Saurfang.
Step 05: The Primary Objective New - Release the prisoners and escape the Stockades.
Step 06: The Stormwind City Shuffle New - Escape Stormwind City undetected.
Step 07: WAY Behind Enemy Lines New - Escape the Cathedral district.
Step 08: The Harbor Run New - Reach Talanji's ship in Stormwind Harbor.
Step 09: Well, Ship New - Slay Admiral Lockheart.



Classes
The Zandalari Trolls Allied Race can be any of these classes:


 Druid
Other options are unknown at this time.



Racials
The Zandalari Troll racial abilities only have names and icons as of now. 


         


City of Gold
Embrace of the Loa
Pterrordax Swoop
Regeneratin
Ward of the Loa


Mounts
The Zandalari Troll racial mount is the Zandalari Direhorn  It is usable by all Horde races upon unlocking the Zandalari Troll Allied Race.


 
 


Heritage Armor
Currently we only know what the heritage armor for Zandalari Trolls looks like. 


      


Customization
The Zandalari Trolls offer a variety of faces, hairstyles, hair colors, skin colors, earings, tusks and tattoo options. You can view them all in the screenshots and modelviewer below. 


    
  



Faces

<div class="gallery" id="gallery-ZTFace">         

            </div>

Hairstyles

<div class="gallery" id="gallery-ZTHairStyle">                        

                  </div>

Hair Colors

<div class="gallery" id="gallery-ZTHairColor">            

            </div>

Skin Colors

<div class="gallery" id="gallery-ZTSkinColor">            

            </div>

Earings

<div class="gallery" id="gallery-ZTEarings">              

      </div>

Tattoos

<div class="gallery" id="gallery-ZTtatoos">        

        </div>

Druid Forms
As of now only the flight form and travel form of the Zandalari Trolls are known.


    
 