chaud2019-03-12, 08:33 AMPatch 8.1.5 - Live This Week!
Patch 8.1.5 - Tides of Vengeance Part 3 is live this week!


Official Patch Notes - Read the official patch notes for Patch 8.1.5.
Kul Tiran Human and Zandalari Troll Allied Races - Two New Allied Races!
War Campaign Continues - New quests for both factions' war campaigns!
New Story Quests - Two new story quest chains!
Xal'atath Quest Chain - Intro quest for Crucible of Storms
Warlords of Draenor Timewalking - Warlords of Draenor Timewalking added to the rotation.
Professions - Tools of the Trade Quests - New quest chains and rewards for professions.
Brawler's Guild Returns - New additions and quest for Brawler's Guild
New Raiding with Leashes Pet Achievement - New pet collection achievement.
New Micro Holidays - Free T-Shirt Day and Luminous Luminaries - Two new micro holidays!
New Main Hub Portal Rooms - New portal rooms in Stormwind and Orgrimmar.
Island Expedition BoA Gear Tokens - Purchase gear upgrades for leveling alts.
Arathi Basin and Warsong Gulch Remastered - Visual updates for battlegrounds.
New Brawl - Comp Stomp - Battle AI opponents in Arathi Basin
Hati Returns with New Customization - Hunters can do a quest to tame Hati again!
Heirloom Upgrades and Cost - Upgrade your heirlooms to 120.
Darkmoon Faire Additions - Roller Coaster and Fish heads added!
Other Changes - Wintergrasp Epic Battleground, 50 character server limit, and Naga World Quest
New Mounts - Several new mounts are available.
Music and Voice Overs - new music and VO.
Maps, Icons, and Loading Screens - new maps, icons, and loading screens.



What is Not Coming This Week?

The Crucible of Storms - New two boss raid!

April 16, 2019 - Normal/Heroic
April 23, 2019 - Mythic/Raid Finder




Official Survival Guide


<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


Official Patch Notes

patchnotes
  



ktzandKul Tiran Human and Zandalari Troll Allied Races Now Available to Unlock
The long awaited Kul Tiran and Zandalari allied races can now be unlocked if you meet the requirements and complete the unlock quests. Find out more by clicking the banners!


   


warcampWar Campaign Continues
Both the Horde and Alliance can continue their war campaign stories in Patch 8.1.5! Click below to find out how the stories play out!


  



newstoriesTwo New Story Quests
8.1.5 adds in two other story quests for players. One sheds light on the fate of two characters from the Before the Storm novel, culminating in the battle pet reward Feathers 

There is a new quest chain involving Magni, Brann, and MOTHER in Patch 8.1.5 that provides a 10 item level increase to your Heart of Azeroth 


 



    



xalatathXal'atath Quest Chain
At some point after the patch launches, players will be able to loot Azsharan Medallion  from Naga during the world quest Naga Attack!  around the two continents. This starts a quest chain that serves as an intro to the Crucible of Storms in which the player accidentally empowers Xal'atath and gives her physical form, culminating in the player's first interaction with N'zoth!


    



warlordsWarlords of Draenor Timewalking
Warlords of Draenor Timewalking is being added to the weekly event cycle. Two new mounts, Beastlord's Irontusk  and Beastlord's Warwolf , can be earned for 5,000 Timewarped Badge  each.


  


toolsoftradeProfessions - Tools of the Trade Quests
Players can take part in unique quest lines for the Alchemy, Blacksmithing, Enchanting, Engineering, Inscription, Jewelcrafting, Leatherworking, and Tailoring professions to earn a new Tool of the Trade that complements their craft. To get started on your profession quest line, you’ll need to have reached level 120 and be at skill level 150 Kul Tiran or Zandalari in your chosen crafting profession.


  



brawlerBrawler's Guild Returns
The Brawler's Guild  has been updated for Battle for Azeroth, introducing revised tier progression, bosses, rewards, and a new quest chain!


  



leashesNew Raiding with Leashes Pet Achievement
Pet enthusiasts can now start earning the next raiding with leashes achievement, Raiding with Leashes VI: Pets of Pandaria , this time for rare pets collected from Pandaria raids. Collecting all of these pets earns you Happiness , which teaches Happiness 


  



tshirtNew Micro Holidays - Free T-Shirt Day and Luminous Luminaries
Two new micro holidays have been added to the calendar! Children's Week will also be updated this year with Zandalari and Kul Tiran orphan quests.


    



portalsNew Main Hub Portal Rooms
Stormwind and Orgrimmar have received new rooms devoted entirely to portals  WoW subreddit user TheYamagato  put together a nice guide  detailing how to get around in Azeroth with the portal changes. Some portals were removed:


Caverns of Time
Dalaran Crater
Karazhan
Wyrmrest Temple
Vale of Eternal Blossoms
Hellfire Peninsula



 


islandtokensIsland Expedition BoA Gear Tokens
The Seafarer's Dubloon vendors  now sell several bind on account gear tokens for 20 x Seafarer's Dubloons  each. These can be used or mailed to alts that are Level 111+. 

These work much like the gear tokens from Tanaan Jungle and Argus, providing a piece of gear appropriate for the level of the character that utilizes it. The item level starts at 214 for level 111's and increases up to 282 for a level 120. The tokens can proc higher item levels, much like previous iterations.


Island Expedition Bracers 
Island Expedition Boots 
Island Expedition Gloves 
Island Expedition Legwear 
Island Expedition Belt 
Island Expedition Cloak 



    


pvpvisualsArathi Basin and Warsong Gulch Remastered
Both Arathi Basin and Warsong Gulch have received visual upgrades in this patch!


Arathi Basin
      
      
      

Warsong Gulch
          
          



compstompNew Brawl - Comp Stomp
In addition to the visual updates, a new brawl is coming that pits players against the smart AI from Island Expeditions in Arathi Basin!
Head into Arathi Basin for a head-to-head battle against AI opponents. This new Brawl will be available March 20. Use the Group Finder tool hotkey “I” in the Player vs. Player tab to take part.


hatiHati Returns with New Customization
Hunters will be reuniting with their favorite wolf from Legion in Patch 8.1.5. On top of this, Hati is receiving a plethora of different customization items!


Level 120 hunters can start the quest chain by heading to their BfA faction hub and talking to the Image of Mimiron.
You can do the quest on any spec, but Hati is only usable by Beast Master hunters.
The quest involves you working with Mirmiron, Grif Wildheart, and Thorim to reconnect with Hati's essence. You will travel to locations such as Storm Peaks, Siluthus, and Ulduar.
Once completed, you will be able to tame 6 different variations of Hati the original 5 models from Legion and one new color
The PTR did not limit you on which models you could tame based on what you unlocked in Legion, so it seems that any hunter who completes the quest gets access to all of them.
After completing the quest, you also have access to certain items that benefit Hati, such as making him into a mount!



            



Charged Sparkstone  - Use: Bring out the latent power in Hati's lightning, visually enhancing Hati's abilities. 60 sec cooldown
Ironspine Protocol  - Use: Enhance Hati's size and constitution, allowing mounting. 60 sec cooldown
Jolt Jerky  - Use: Feed Hati a special treat, healing a small amount of damage. Sometimes, Hati may become too excited and viciously lick your face, dealing Nature damage. 60 sec cooldown
Rubber Ball  - Use: Throw the ball for Hati. 60 sec cooldown
Voltweave Fez  - Use: Give the fez to Hati. 60 sec cooldown



cycleCycle of Life Tortollan Quest
An interesting new world quest has been added to the Tortollan lineup called the Cycle of Life. 


It takes place with Scrollsage Nola  and can spawn anywhere that the baby turtle quest Beachhead resides.
This quest is very different from helping baby turtles to the water. Upon reaching it, Nola will tell you "These tiny crabs need help! I hate to see any living things suffer. Would you be willing to lend a hand?"
You then take control of a crab and must move left or right in order to block baby turtles from reaching the water whilst avoiding the orb attacks from Scroll of Blasting 
After blocking a baby turtle, its shell will appear on your head and you can use Throw Turtle Shell  to take out any baby turtles in a line up the beach.
The quest ends when you block 20 baby turtles from the water. Nola exclaims "All creatures in nature must live together in balance. But I can't help cheering for the little turtles!"



        


heirloomsHeirloom Upgrades and Cost
Patch 8.1.5 will allow you to purchase items from the heirloom vendor to upgrade your heirlooms to scale up to level 120.


Battle-Hardened Heirloom Scabbard  - Use: Upgrade an heirloom weapon allowing it to increase in power up to level 120. Only works on heirlooms that scale to level 110.

Costs 7,500 gold each

Battle-Hardened Heirloom Armor Casing  - Use: Upgrade an heirloom armor, trinket, shield or off-hand allowing it to increase in power up to level 120. Only works on heirlooms that scale to level 110.

Costs 5,000 gold each



In addition, all heirloom items have had their gold costs lowered:
In the most-recent new build on the PTR that was deployed yesterday, the prices of the upgrade tokens were adjusted. They should now be:

Tier - Armor / Weapon

Tier 90 - 500g / 750g
Tier 100 - 1000g / 1500g
Tier 110 - 2000g / 3000g
Tier 120 - 5000g / 7500g



dmfDarkmoon Faire Roller Coaster
The Darkmoon Faire Roller Coaster functions much like the carousel, giving you the WHEE!  buff after riding it. It costs one Darkmoon Ride Ticket 


  

          
          



Darkmoon Faire Severed Fish Heads
Vanion  discovered that Severed Fish Heads can be fished up from the waters around the Darkmoon Faire. There are two types of fish heads, Severed Crimsonscale Head  and Severed Azurefin Head  They last for one day in your bags and when clicked provide a 60 minute buff that places the fish head on your character!

The tooltip reads "Something strange is happening in the waters surrounding Darkmoon Island..." perhaps hinting at the speculated relationship between the Darkmoon Faire and Old Gods. In the Warbringers: Azshara cinematic , N'zoth first appears to Azshara as a fish.



<div class="gallery" id="gallery-FISHEAD">      
</div>


otherOther Changes

You can now create up to 50 characters per server. There is still a limit of 50 characters per account, however.
A new elite world quest, Naga Attack!  can spawn in any of the 6 BfA zones.
Wintergrasp has returned to the game as an Epic Battleground.
Brace yourself for the return of the cold bite of Wintergrasp where you’ll compete against the enemy faction in a massive 40-player battleground. For the first week of this content update, Wintergrasp is featured as a Brawl. Thereafter, you’ll find Wintergrasp in the Epic Battleground selection in Group Finder default hotkey: i.
Companion App Updates
The Companion App has been updated to include a new calendar feature, social feature, and updated support for new World Quests so you can keep on top of everything going on in Azeroth wherever you go.



mountsNew Mounts
Patch 8.1.5 adds eight new mounts.


  


musicNew Music
Patch 8.1.5 added some new music! 


<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<iframe width="450" height="253" src="" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe> <iframe width="450" height="253" src="" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


New Voice Overs
There are some interesting lines in the latest VO. You can hear all of the Xal'atath lines in the initial Patch 8.1.5 VO 


  


mapsNew Maps


     
    
   
    


New Icons


                        
                        
                   


New Loading Screens


        


crucibleComing Soon - Crucible of Storms Raid
The Crucible of Storms raid will be a two boss raid that continues the story of Azshara and the Old God influences in Battle for Azeroth. This raid also has a series of quests related to Xal'atath.


Normal/Heroic open on April 16, 2019
Mythic/Raid Finder to begin a week later on April 23.
This is a two boss raid

Restless Cabal
Uu'nat




 