chaud2018-11-19, 10:35 PMPilgrim's Bounty 2018
Pilgrim’s Bounty  is coming up from November 19 to November 26 and with it comes a time to reflect upon one’s good fortune and share feasts with everyone around you!


 


Exclusive Transmog
With the introduction of the Appearance tab in 7.0, the non-transmoggable Pilgrim set can be saved and transmogged during the duration of the holiday.


 


The Spirit of Sharing
The main area where the festivities take place is right outside the capital cities for the Horde and Alliance and in a couple of smaller towns.


Players can interact with the many foods options set on these tables and will gain a buff by eating or passing each of the servings. 
There are 5 buffs in total that you can gain that when combined together will reward the The Spirit of Sharing  buff that grants 10% increase in reputation gains for one hour. This is great if you are working on Legion reputations and completing World Quests or working on other reputations for a little boost. 



 


Cooking
Pilgrim’s Bounty is centered around cooking and there are 5 recipes to add to your cooking collection. All you need to do is buy the Bountiful Cookbook  from Bountiful Barrel  located at each capital city table to learn them. The recipes are used for several quests, dailies, and the Now We’re Cookin’  achievement related to the holiday.


 


Spice Bread Stuffing 
Pumpkin Pie 
Cranberry Chutney 
Candied Sweet Potato 
Slow-Roasted Turkey 



Cosmetic Items
5 daily quests can be found around the bountiful tables at capital cities that award a piece of a non-transmoggable Pilgrim’s set or a Pilgrim's Bounty  cache. 


The cache can contain the Fine Pilgrim's Hat , the Frightened Bush Chicken  battle pet and the Silver-Plated Turkey Shooter  toy, along with several consumable foods and turkey shooters. 
The quests are centered around cooking so having at least a 280 skill level will help but if you do not have the skill level, you can buy the items needed from Bountiful Barrel  at each capital city table.



 

Non-Transmoggable Set

Pilgrim's Hat 
Pilgrim's Attire 
Pilgrim's Dress 
Pilgrim's Robe 
Pilgrim's Boots 


Pilgrim’s Bounty Cache

Fine Pilgrim's Hat  - Transmoggable year-round.
Frightened Bush Chicken  - Teaches Bush Chicken 
Silver-Plated Turkey Shooter  - Covers target with turkey feathers.



Achievements
There are 9 achievements for the Pilgrim’s Bounty holiday, 7 required for the meta achievement Pilgrim  that will award you with the title the Pilgrim  along with the Plump Turkey  battle pet and 2 that are separate. 

Do note that Pilgrim  is not required to complete the What a Long, Strange Trip It’s Been  meta achievement for the Violet Proto-Drake 


 


Pilgrim Achievements 

“FOOD FIGHT”  Bounce food off a player at a Bountiful Table.
Now We’re Cookin’  - Cook up one of every Pilgrim’s Bounty dish.
Pilgrim’s Paunch  - Acquire the Spirit of Sharing from a complete Bountiful Table feast at every capital of your faction.
Sharing is Caring  - Pass one of every dish at a Bountiful Table.
Terokkar Turkey Time  - Defeat Talon King Ikiss  while wearing a Pilgrim’s hat and either a Pilgrim’s Dress, Robe or Attire.
The Turkinator  - Kill 40 Wild Turkeys within 30 seconds of each other and gain Turkey Triumph. Using a macro is helpful here.
Turkey Lurkey  - Use a Turkey Shooter on each racial combo rogue.


Off-Meta Achievements

Pilgrim’s Progress  - Complete each of the Pilgrim’s Bounty dailies.
Pilgrim’s Peril  - While wearing either a Pilgrm’s Dress, Robe, or Attire, take a seat at each enemy capital’s Bountiful Table.



Join the Feast During Pilgrim’s Bounty November 19–26!
Even as war rages between the Horde and the Alliance, there’s still an abundance of good fortune to celebrate during Pilgrim’s Bounty.

Pilgrim’s Bounty is a time to reflect upon one’s good fortune and share with all around you.

When: November 19–26
Where: All capital cities and most Horde and Alliance towns

You can brush up on your cooking skills and indulge in the delectable delicacies found on the on the communal dining tables located outside capital cities. Sharing is Caring , so make sure to pass food to those who have joined the feast at your table. Just be ready in case a “"FOOD FIGHT!" ” breaks out.

If you prefer a little wild game, then set out on a hunt for wild turkey to earn The Turkinator  achievement—or transform your friends into tantalizing turkey targets if the fury of wild turkeys proves too daunting to face.

Don’t forget to dress up in your pilgrim’s best and journey into Auchindoun in Terokkar Forest to visit Talon King Ikiss available to characters level 62 and up and earn the achievement Terokkar Turkey Time Terokkar Turkey Time.


Blizzard Gear Black Friday Sale
Blizzard has posted a special Black Friday sale page  on their shop. These deals run from today through November 30th.


  



Final Fantasy XIV's Next Expansion - Shadowbringers
Shadowbringers , FFXIV's next expansion, was announced at the Final Fantasy XIV Fan Event in Las Vegas on Friday! Some highlights include:


Early Summer 2019 Launch Date
Multiple New Jobs!
Blue Mage will be a limited class coming in Patch 4.5 and will have solo scenarios to learn spells from enemies.
Level cap raised to 80.
Cross Realm Visit System
New Game + to experience old story quests at current level
A trust system to let you party with NPCs in dungeons
New Playable Race - Hinted at Viera, a bunny humanoid race from Final Fantasy XII



<iframe width="450" height="253" src="" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe> <iframe width="450" height="253" src="" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


Dark Legacy Comics #655 - Ancient
DLC #655  has been released!


 