chaud2019-03-21, 04:54 AMTrial of Style Season 4 Now Live - March 20 to March 24
The Trial of Style Season 4 runs from today until March 24th! There are 4 new transmog sets to earn in season 4, one for each armor type. They cost 60 Trial of Style Token  each.


Cloth - Ensemble: Tranquil Spiritbind Regalia 
Leather - Ensemble: Restless Dreambound Battlegear 
Mail - Ensemble: Chainmail of the Timeless Hunt 
Plate - Ensemble: Amaranthine Path Armor 



   
 
   
 


The Trial of Style Has Begun: How's Your Strut?
Ladies and gentlemen of the Horde and Alliance, synchronize your wardrobes and prepare to do battle. The Trial of Style has arrived, and it’s time to put your transmogrification skills to the test.

You’re Invited!
When: March 20–March 24
Where: Queue for the 6-player scenario at your friendly neighborhood transmog NPC.
What: Contestants will have two minutes to create transmog sets from items in their collection based on themes presented in the scenario. Two players at a time will be pulled up on stage to strike a pose and show off their creation—leaving the remaining four to vote on just who of the two has managed to capture the theme best.

Collect All the Looks
Collect all 12 Ensembles to keep adventuring in style.


New! Ensemble: Tranquil Spiritbind Regalia 
New! Ensemble: Restless Dreambound Battlegear 
New! Ensemble: Chainmail of the Timeless Hunt 
New! Ensemble: Amaranthine Path Armor 
Ensemble: Mana-Etched Regalia 
Ensemble: Obsidian Prowler's Garb 
Ensemble: Der'izu Armor 
Ensemble: Righteous Battleplate 
Ensemble: Mindwrack Raiment 
Ensemble: Tundraspite Armor 
Ensemble: Crimson Sentinel Garb 
Ensemble: Goldspine Plate 


You can also use your Trial of Style Tokens on props to supplement your chosen Trial of Style ensemble. These props are consumable and will only appear when you’re on stage, but will last through the entirety of the competition.

Vendor extraordinaire Nellie Voguesong sells shirts and tabards in the Trial of Style, just in case you forgot to bring one with you.

Get a Little Help from Your Fans
Need a little extra support while you’re on stage? Don’t worry—we’ve got you covered. Purchase a reward Letter from an Admirer , which you can use to recruit a fashion aficianado to cheer you on during the competition.


 

No peeking! It comes as no shock that you’ll be properly smocked before the competition begins.


  

Strike a pose and do your little turn on the catwalk; yeah, on the catwalk.

Once the glitter settles and the votes are tallied, First Place, Second Place, and Third Place winners will be awarded. Don’t worry—even if you don’t win, there’s always the Trial of Style Consolation Prize. These prizes contain Trial of Style Tokens, which can be redeemed for special transmog gear in Dalaran.

Fashion-conscious citizens of Azeroth can also take advantage of transmogrification and barbershop services for free during the Trial of Style. Even if you don’t participate, you can adjust your hairstyle and transmog for no gold cost while the event is active.

Bring it!


Crucible of Storms Drop Tuning
When Crucible of Storms was originally added to the 8.1.5 PTR a few weeks ago, we included full drop tables for both Restless Cabal and Uu’nat. We designed Crucible of Storms drops to be somewhat different than items that have been dropping thus far in Uldir and Battle of Dazar’alor – this is a new chapter in the story that takes us to a different, stranger place.

We’ve recently gone through those items and tuned them up to fit closer to expectations, and in most cases, to power up their bonus effects. Here are some examples of changes we’ve made since the items first hit the PTR:


Fa'thuul's Floodguards 

Damage increased by ~25%
Healing increased by ~25%

Abyssal Speaker's Gauntlets 

Shield increased by ~200%

Mindthief's Eldritch Clasp 

Health restored and consumed increased by ~35%

Grips of Forsaken Sanity 

Damage increased by ~25%

Legplates of Unbound Anguish 

Damage increased by ~25%



We’ve been making these adjustments via hotfix to the PTR since Friday, and we don’t expect that you’re going to see them via datamining immediately, but know that these are intended changes, and hopefully they’re now quite close to final values.



Tiger's Peak Temporarily Closing
In order to fix some issues with Tiger’s Peak, we’re removing it from the pool of Arena maps. This should take place during our next scheduled maintenance. We expect to re-open this Arena in a future update to the game.


Dark Legacy Comics #672
DLC #672  has been released.


 