Stoy2019-05-29, 09:16 PMRise of Azshara PTR Development Notes – May 29
A new build with new testable content has been published to the Public Test Realms PTR for our upcoming content update, Rise of Azshara. This build retains progress made since test characters were deleted on May 14.

Now Available
Over the next few days, we’ll initiate testing of:

Season 3 content, including:

Mythic Keystone Dungeon updates
The new Heroic Battle for Stromgarde Warfront

Ashran
Flying


We’ll let you know in new, separate threads here in this forum as each test gets underway.

Continuing Testing

Heart of Azeroth system update—Essences

Test characters are now granted access to all Rank 3 Essences within the class Proving Grounds. Players can access the Proving Grounds by speaking to their respective class trainer in a capital city.
Please submit your feedback on Essences in the appropriate thread here.

New Zone-- Mechagon
New Zone-- Nazjatar
New Raid-- Azshara’s Eternal Palace
New Dungeon-- Operation: Mechagon
New Arena-- The Robodrome
Mount Equipment
Crestfall and Snowblossom Island Expeditions
Ashran Epic Battleground
New Missions
Gnome and Tauren Heritage Armors
New Profession Recipes
Pet Battle Dungeon-- Stratholme


Please keep an eye on this forum for dedicated feedback threads on these testable features, such as Feedback—Operation: Mechagon and Feedback—Nazjatar.

Get into the PTR!
The PTR is now available. To log in to the PTR, simply create a PTR account and copy the character you wish to test from your account. Step-by-step directions can be found here.

Note: World of Warcraft PTR realms are only available to players who have a full World of Warcraft account.



WoW Classic Beta and Stress Test
WoW Classic Beta Offline - May 29
The WoW Classic Beta is being taken offline imminently, in preparation for today’s Stress Test. The Beta should be back online this evening, after 4:00 p.m. PDT. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

WoW Classic Stress Test on May 29
FYI, Warsong Gulch will be available at level 10 in today’s stress test. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 