chaud2019-02-14, 07:16 AMPvP Hotfixes Live - Feb. 13
[Updated 19:30 PST – all changes below are now live]

Good evening!

We’ve taken a careful look at healer mana during longer PvP engagements in both Arenas and battlegrounds, and we’re deploying some changes to address several concerns.

In PvP, we want mana to feel like a more critical resource, and we want mana efficiency to be an important part of PvP healing. At the beginning of Battle for Azeroth, mana regeneration from all healer specs was reduced by 15-30% depending on the class, and after reviewing the current state of the game, we feel like further reductions are necessary to both healer specs and a few hybrid specs.

With a hotfix that is coming very soon:

Player versus Player

Restoration Druid mana regeneration is now reduced by 55% in PvP.
Holy Priest, Holy Paladin, Restoration Shaman, and Mistweaver Monk mana regeneration is now reduced by 50% in PvP.
Discipline Priest mana regeneration is now reduced by 45% in PvP.
Balance Druid, Feral Druid, and Elemental Shaman mana regeneration is reduced by 35% in PvP.


Separately, we’re working on the following hotfix:

Druid

Restoration
Nourish PvP Talent mana cost increased by 30%


Separately, we’re addressing Neurotoxin.

Rogue

Assassination
Neurotoxin now increases the cooldown of affected spells by 1 sec, down from 3 sec.
Neurotoxin now has a 45 second cooldown, up from 25 sec.
Neurotoxin now has a 3 sec duration, down from 10 sec.
Developers note: Unfortunately, we are unable to fix a number of technical issues with this spell at this time. We’re working on a fix for it that we hope to include in 8.1.5.


Again, the above changes to the game will be made live very soon. I will update this thread with each, and you’ll see the final word on all new hotfixes in our next hotfixes update tomorrow, Feb. 14, in the afternoon PST.


Raid Testing Schedule - February 21st - 25th
On Thursday, February 21st we will be conducting a Heroic raid tests of Crucible of Storms. After testing has ended on Thursday, we will open the zone on Normal mode until Monday, February 25th.

Thursday, February 21st
The Restless Cabal - Heroic Crucible of Storms
13:00 PST 16:00 EST, 22:00 CET

Uu’nat, Harrbinger of the Void - Heroic Crucible of Storms
14:00 PST 17:00 EST, 23:00 CET

Normal Crucible of Storms
16:00 PST 19:00 EST, 1:00 CET

As always, this testing schedule is very fluid and subject to the realities of a test environment. We might have to change the time of a testing session, change the bosses being tested, or cancel a test entirely, due to bugs, server hardware issues, etc. Keep an eye on this forum for the latest information, and thank you in advance for testing and providing feedback.

Q: How do I get into the raid zone?
A: In Zuldazar, Boralus, Dalaran, Orgrimmar, or Stormwind, you may speak to Nexus-Lord Donjon Rade III in order to teleport into the raid zone while it is open for testing. The option to teleport into a zone will not be available when the zone is not open for testing.


Blue Posts
Bornakk, Still Here?
I am still here my friend.

Can we expect to see less replies to feedback? None at all? More?
We will not be ignoring the community. That said, I don’t mean to dodge the question but I would prefer to let our actions speak for themselves as we work through these changes because ultimately you and the rest of the community are the ones who will judge just how much we are communicating and listening to you. We are here though. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 