chaud2018-08-28, 08:35 AMPatch 8.0.1 Hotfixes - August 27, 2018
Achievements

Players who have earned That Sweete Booty  by completing the Harlan Sweete encounter should now be awarded That Sweete Booty 


Auction House

[Following server restarts] The deposit for certain tradeskill goods has increased by 20% of the asking price of a single unit. This cost is constant, regardless of stack size. As with the standard deposit, this is returned to the seller when the auction successfully sells.


Character Services

Players that faction change will have Battle For Azeroth flight paths after the change.
Players that change back to their original faction will have all of their learned flight paths.


Classes

 Druid Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Feral

Feral Frenzy should more consistently deal its full damage and generate its full combo points, even if you move slightly out of range after casting.



 Paladin Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Hammer of Righteous splash damage correctly benefits from Last Defender and Avenging Wrath.



Creatures and NPCs

Vathikur should now spawn once all pit snakes have been killed.


Items

Faction items can now be sold back to their Quartermaster within 2 hours for a full refund.
Fixed an issue where Merektha's Fang could be cancelled by Remorseless Winter.
Fixed an issue preventing Merektha's Fang  from critically hitting.
Merektha's Fang  is now on the Global Cooldown, and its damage has been increased by 317%.
Fixed an issue where Darkmoon Deck: Tides  would sometimes activate less often than intended.


Pet Battles

The following items can now correctly be used to grant you their associated battle pets: Baby Crawg , Wind-Up Frog , Ball of Tentacles , Undulating Blue Sac 
Inland Croaker battle pets now have the correct Sticky Goo level 20 ability.


Quests

Players are now directed back to Ata the Winglord when removed from the vehicle during "City of Gold".
Fixed an issue where Brother Alen could become unresponsive during "Archived Knowledge".
Auras no longer persist on players after completing “Beachhead”.


World Quests

The “Lost Goat” should now respawn as expected.
Fixed an issue that was preventing “Stopping the Infestation” from starting properly.
For “Cut Off Potential”, Zandalari Beastkeepers are now hostile to Alliance Allied Races, as intended.


World

Horde players can now rest at the inns at the Blood Gate and the Diretusk Hollow.
The Banshee’s Wail and Wind’s Redemption are now rested areas.