Stoy2019-04-25, 02:00 AMPatch 8.2 PTR - Gnome Heritage Armor Quest Chain
The Gnome Heritage Armor quest chain is now available for testing on the PTR. It requires you to have a level 120 gnome that is exalted with Gnomeregan to start the chain.


The quest "Shifting Gears" can be picked up from Ace Pilot Stormcog by the Stormwind Embassy. He says that the Alliance has made a new request for Gnomeregan's might in the war and asks you to meet Captain Sparknozzle in New Tinkertown, the starting area for the gnomes.
There you find out that the Alliance is willing to fund a new aerial task force, the Gnomish Elite Aerial Rangers G.E.A.R, and you are to be the lead of the test team. You then introduce yourself to your team, Fizzie Tinkerbow, Cog Captain Winklespring, and Emaedi Autoblast.
You are then tasked with retrieving the Prototype Arcane Engine within Gnomeregan's Engineering Labs. What follows is a trek through the halls of Gnomeregan, avoiding broken robot explosions and faulty gas pipes. You also are attacked by giant spiders and leper rats along the way.
When you make it to the prototype engine, you find that it is being guarded by a mechanical dog named Lass-E x12. After destroying the dog and claiming the engine, a security alarm goes off and you escape back outside via a teleporter nearby.
When you give the engine to Captain Sparknozzle, he states that he sent the team to investigate a distress call from Fizzlecrank Airstrip in Borean Tundra. There you find out that troggs have attacked and must take care of them with a prototype bomber gun attached to your back. The gun will either fire a missile or an exploding mechanical chicken when you use the extra action button.
After killing 10 troggs, you find out that an intelligent trogg named Krugg the Smart stole a Defendo-bot and you are tasked with using the bomber gun on him as well, finding a broken communication device on his corpse.
You present the device to Fizzi and help her get her machine working by flicking a lever. The device shows a hologram of Telzo Sparkspanner, an assistant to the deceased Thermaplugg. He is behind the trogg attacks! The signal is coming from Storm Peaks, so you and your team take to the skies in your airships to track him down, finding out that Telzo wants revenge on all followers of Mekkatorque for the events of Gnomeregan.
When you arrive at the Storm Peaks, the tracker goes haywire and you are forced to land, using a cloaking device to stay hidden from the Ironbound troggs that are invading the area. You then take control of a spider tank with a rail gun and flamethrower to dispatch some troggs while the tracker is fixed. You eject from the tank and use a helicopter jet pack to reach your airships, and find out that Telzo is inside the Halls of Stone. You then command an airship to shoot the armies of troggs below before being struck and sent crash landing into the Halls of Stone.
Your crew and you then take on Telzo, who is inside his mech the Smasher x900, which launches electric goop at you, send balls of electricity flying in your direction, and puts up a shield that blocks all frontal attacks. When it is defeated, Telzo ejects saying that the titan defenses are under his control, but he is killed during his speech.
You then return to New Tinkertown and receive the Heritage of Gnomeregan  along with the G.E.A.R. Tracking Beacon , which functions the same as the Flight Master's Whistle  but summons your G.E.A.R airship instead.



  

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
         