Stoy2019-06-07, 01:20 PMMany New Treasures Await in Rise of Azshara
A treasure trove of new mounts, pets, toys, and gear awaits in Rise of Azshara. We’ve rounded up a selection of what’s available to help you formulate a plan of action.

Table of Contents

Mounts
Pets
Toys
Heritage Armor



mountsMounts


 
Pictured — Snapback Scuttler

Source: Reputation

Ankoan Waveray  Exalted With Ankoan Vendor: Artisan Okata
The Ankoan have been battling the naga for years, and with a natural affinity for the sea, training the local wildlife was a natural strategy.
Reins of the Dusky Waycrest Gryphon  Exalted With Order of Embers Vendor: Quartermaster Alcorn
Common to the dark forests of Drustvar, these gryphon are silent and swift. Their prowess at operating on their own or as mounts lends them to be used for ambush and shock tactics.
Reins of the Proudmoore Sea Scout  Exalted With Proudmoore Admiralty Vendor: Provisioner Fray
Only a few gryphons are selected to be Sea Scouts operating from flag ships in the fleet. Their long-range reconnaissance is an integral part of Kul Tiran sea dominance.
Reins of the Captured Swampstalker  Exalted With Talanji’s Expedition Vendor: Provisioner Lija
A swamp-dwelling subspecies of pterrodax known to feast on young bloodfeasters.
Reins of the Spectral Pterrorwing  Exalted With Zandalari Empire Vendor: Natal’hakata
Vengeful spectres abound in the spirit realm surrounding Dazar’alor.
Reins of the Voldunai Dunescraper  Exalted With Voldunai Vendor: Hoarder Jena
These brightly-colored fliers are rarely captured in the wild due to their naturally untrusting natures.
Rustbolt Resistor  Exalted With Rustbolt Resistance Vendor: Stolen Royal Vendorbot
“R E S I S T” is carved into the seat in crude letters, along with several, more profane things.
Reins of the Stormsong Coastwatcher  Exalted With Storm’s Wake Vendor: Sister Lilyana
Tasked with keeping watch on the seas for approaching dangers, the Stormsong Coastwatchers fly constant patrols.
Unshackled Waveray  Exalted With Unshackled Vendor: Finder Pruc
The Unshackled have a natural kinship with the species of the deep seas that have seen cruelty at the hands of the naga.


Source: Achievements

Snapback Scuttler  Achievement Undersea Usurper 
Giant crabs are native to Nazjatar and a favored food of the naga. This one must have been well-kept to grow this large.
Azshari Bloatray  Achievement Glory of the Palace Raider 
The naga raised these rays in captivity, harvesting their gas organs to craft alchemy which allowed them to breathe air more easily.
Mechacycle Model W  Achievement Mecha-Done 
The rapid technological evolution of the descendants of Mimiron began with the introduction of a new gear, leading to such wonders as the tragically underproduced Model W.


Source: Professions

Xiwyllag ATV  Profession Blacksmithing and Engineering
It was said that this invention was modeled after the likeness of a very wealthy goblin—although others don’t really see the resemblance.


Source: Quests

Scrapforged Mechaspider  Quest: Mechagon Drive It Away Today
You built this yourself, you should be proud; even though it’s smoky, sparky, and loud.
Snapdragon Kelpstalker  Quest: Nazjatar Good Girl
When a snapdragon bites you, the worry isn’t about the bite itself, but the poison that will begin to eat away at the wound.
Child of Torcali  Quest: Zuldazar Wander Not Alone
This daughter of the great direhorn loa, Torcali, never lost faith that her keeper would help her grow to her full potential.
Deepcoral Snapdragon  Quest: Nazjatar Wild Tame
The snapdragon is a quiet hunter in the water but is far less stealthy on land.


Source: Raid and Dungeon

Aerial Unit R-21/X  Drop King Mechagon – Operation Mechagon
King Mechagon’s private aerial unit, complete with deployable blast cannon and foot warmers.
Mechagon Peacekeeper  Drop HK-8 Aerial Oppression Unit – Operation Mechagon
Keeps the peace by turning you into pieces.


Source: Rare Creatures

Fabious  Drop Fabious
He emerges from the water, fins swaying lazily in the breeze, sun-kissed scales glittering. He is. . . Fabious. Underwater Only
Royal Snapdragon  Drop Nazjatar
Captured at a young age and raised to serve naga hunters, snapdragons are loyal and fierce companions.
Junkheap Drifter  Drop Mechagon: Rustfeather
When you really want to be noticed. . . and don’t mind strapping yourself to a giant, barely-held-together wheel.
Rusty Mechanocrawler  Drop Mechagon
The check engine light is always on. It’s when it goes off that you should be worried.


Source: Vendors

Inkscale Deepseeker  Vendor Nazjatar: Crafticus Mindbender
Schools of tidestallions will viciously slam their muscular chests into their prey to take them down. Underwater Only
X-995 Mechanocat  Vendor Mechagon: Pascal-K1N6
The X-995 is the ultimate in customizable feline robo-companionship.
Crimson Tidestallion  Vendor Nazjatar: Mrrl
The blood-red coloration of these creatures is ideal for hiding in large coral formations. Underwater Only



petsPets


 
Pictured — Lost Robogrip, Kelpfin, Rustyroot Snooter

Source: Achievements

Burnout  Achievement Malowned 
“Burnout always has a supply of well-toasted marshmallows.”
Kelpfin  Achievement Team Aquashock 
“Don’t let the cuteness fool you, this little monster will jab your ankles the second you’re not looking.”


Source: Island Expeditions

Adventurous Hopling Pack  Drop Island Expeditions
“The last thing that tried to look in its tiny pack was never seen again.”
Ghostly Whelpling  Drop Island Expeditions
“Unkillable dragons, what could go wrong?”


Source: Pet Battles

Rustbolt Clucker  Pet Battle Mechagon
“Some of the few remaining fleshy creatures on Mechagon, they provide food and even companionship for the citizens of Rustbolt.”
Rustyroot Snooter  Pet Battle Mechagon
"Snooters have a very good sense of smell and can easily find grass and seeds buried under snow or scrap."


Source: Reputation

Damplight Slug  Revered With Unshackled Vendor: Atolia Seapearl
“The bright coloration of this deep water slug seems to give off a soft, warm glow.”
Prismatic Softshell  Revered With Ankoan Vendor: Speaker Utia
“Even with its softer juvenile shell, a young prismatic spireshell still glitters like a diamond.”
Mustyfur Snooter  Honored With Rustbolt Resistance Vendor: Stolen Royal Vendorbot
“A rare snooter, and hard to find, it’s known for burrowing itself deep under wet foliage to nest.”


Source: Quests

Brilliant Glimmershell  Quest Beauty in the Deeps
“A gift, found one day and saved for a meaningful occasion, should things ever turn around.”
Lustrous Glimmershell  Quest Glittering Shell
“A gift, found one day and saved for a meaningful occasion, should things ever turn around.”


Source: New: Junkyard Tinkering

Microbot XD  Profession Junkyard Tinkering
“One of the microbots used to guard the city of Rustbolt, now purchasable for a reasonable price.”
Utility Mechanoclaw  Profession Junkyard Tinkering
“As handy as this invention is, it was also programmed to absolutely despise hand puns.”


Source: Raid and Dungeon
Operation: Mechagon

Golden Snorf  Drop King Mechagon
“The birth of an exceptionally rare Golden Snorf was such an abnormality that not even King Mechagon could force himself to mechanize his beloved, fuzzy friend.”
Microbot 8D  Drop HK-8 Aerial Oppression Unit – Operation: Mechagon
“He’s just so happy to be programmed to exist.”


The Eternal Palace

Lightless Ambusher  Drop Lady Ashvane
“In the lightless caverns, a bright shell color doesn’t make you any worse at ambushing.”
Mindlost Bloodfrenzy  Drop Blackwater Behemoth
“In the fathomless depths beyond the Eternal Palace, minds are lost in the blackness.”
Nameless Octopode  Drop Za’qul
“The influence of the Old Gods on the aquatic life of Nazjatar is unmistakable, as many simply wander as mindless eyes of N’Zoth.”
Zanj'ir Poker  Treasure Azshara’s Chest
“Master of poking, stabbing, thrusting, jabbing, and gouging.”


Source: Rare Creatures
Nazjatar

Amethyst Softshell  Drop Amethyst Spireshell
“Spireshells produce a softer shell when young which will be grown out of quickly.”
Brinestone Algan  Drop Avarius
“Standing next to a brinestone algan will remind you of the smell of the sea, mixed with rotting kelp.”
Budding Algan  Drop Rockweed Shambler
“There is no mistaking the evidence—algan breed by budding. We can all put this argument to rest now.”
Caverndark Nightmare  Drop Caverndark Terror
“As if a dark, underwater cave wasn’t nightmarish enough, these things exist – and they love it there.”
Chitterspine Needler  Drop Needlespine
“A rare evolution of chitterspine, with elongated spines to pierce soft flesh and eyes.”
Coral Lashling  Drop Carnivorous Lasher
“The predatory coral of Nazjatar can grow incredibly quickly given the right conditions.”
Daggertooth Frenzy  Drop Daggertooth Terror
“Frenzies in Nazjatar have learned to operate in large schools or face consumption by the many predators of the deeps.”
Glittering Diamondshell  Drop Sandclaw Stoneshell
“A rare species of crab found mostly in Nazjatar, it hides easily amongst the ample kelp and coral of the area.”
Murgle  Drop King Gakula
“The murloc tribe that Murgle belongs to is one of a few that have resisted the naga’s enslavement”
Necrofin Tadpole  Drop Blindlight
“Legend has it that the necrofin tribe found necromancy on a series of runed tablets at the bottom of the sea.”
Pearlescent Glimmershell  Drop* Irridescent Glimmershel
“When the sun shines on its shell just right, the light scatters in a thousand different directions.” *See also Vendor information.
Scalebrood Hydra  Drop
“The hydra matriarchs of Nazjatar steal and destroy one another’s eggs constantly, so you can never really know what will hatch out of one.”
Seafury  Drop Prince Typhonus
“The elements clash and battle for relics constantly, but few moreso than the Tidestone.”
Skittering Eel  Drop Vor’koth
“The eels of Nazjatar are experts at hiding in the many cracks and rocks of the sea floor.”
Spawn of Nalaada  Drop Elderspawn Nalaada
“In a dark place unknown to all, the seabed writhes with the children of Nalaada, a carpet of life and death.”
Stormwrath  Drop Prince Vortran – Nazjatar
“The Tidestone would empower minions of both the storm and the sea, and is sought after by both parties.”
Wriggler  Drop Mirecrawler – Nazjatar
“Watch your ears.”


Mechagon

Arachnoid Skitterbot  Drop Mecharantula
“No one knows who made these mechanical spiders, but everyone hates them.”
Bonebiter  Drop Bonepicker
“Absolutely do not let him bite your bones.”
Lost Robogrip  Drop Malfunctioning Beastbot
“It’s not clear who the original owner of this arm was, but they’re not getting it back now.”
OOX-35/MG  Drop Mechagon
“Many advancements have been made to the initial prototype homing beacon over the years.”
Snowsoft Nibbler  Drop Fungarian Furor
“Of all snooters, this one has the softest fur. Ironically, it does not like to be pet very much.”
Spraybot 0D  Drop The Kleptoboss
“Even he cannot put out the fire in my heart.”


Source: Treasures

Slimy Sea Slug  Treasure Nazjatar
“Slimy sea slugs secrete slimy sea slug slime on the slimy sea floor.”
Echoing Oozeling  Item Irradiated Box of Assorted Parts
“It doesn’t take a very large ooze to eat a gnome.”
Slimy Darkhunter  Treasure Slimy Cocoon – Nazjatar
“Living so deep within the seas has made this species very sensitive to light.”
Slimy Eel  Treasure Slimy Cocoon – Nazjatar
“Eels are already slimy. This one is extra slimy.”
Slimy Fangtooth  Treasure Slimy Cocoon – Nazjatar
“A fully grown Fangtooth has a bite strong enough to go right through a platinum fishing pole. Watch your fingers.”
Slimy Hermit Crab  Treasure Slimy Cocoon – Nazjatar
“The slime on this provides essential nutrients to the hermit crab within, allowing it to go years without eating anything if it chooses.”
Slimy Octopode  Treasure Slimy Cocoon – Nazjatar
“This little octopode squirts slime out instead of ink.”
Slimy Otter  Treasure Slimy Cocoon – Nazjatar
“The slimy coating on this otter provides excellent protection against sunburns.”
Sandclaw Nestseeker  Treasure Glimmering Chest – Nazjatar
“Anything can be a nest if you try hard enough.”


Source: Vendors

Chitterspine Devourer  Vendor Crafticus Mindbender – Nazjatar 
“These gruesome crabs are attracted to the scent of blood and seem to revel in combat.”
Crypt Fiend  Vendor Sean Wilkers – Eastern Plaguelands
“Six legs, two claws, multiple eyes, spiked body? This thing has it all!”
Drowned Hatchling  Vendor Feylana the Handler – Nazjatar
“When the waves crashed down around the city, not all were fortunate enough to receive N’zoth’s gift.”
Pearlescent Glimmershell  Vendor** Vendors Artisan Okata and Finder Pruc – Nazjatar 
“When the sun shines on its shell just right, the light scatters in a thousand different directions.” **See also Rare Creatures – Nazjatar section.
Ziggy  Vendor Sean Wilkers – Eastern Plaguelands
“Every time the mandibles on this vibrate slightly, it is because it gave someone a nightmare.”



toysToys


 
Pictured — Hyper-Compressed Ocean

Source: Achievements

Hyper-Compressed Ocean  Achievement Secret Fish and Where to Find Them 
“A world of fish all in one place.”


Source: Nazjatar PvP Rewards

Alliance War Banner —Nazjatar PvP Reward
Carry an Alliance War Banner. Can be used while mounted. Entering combat will remove the banner.
Horde War Banner —Nazjatar PvP Reward
Carry a Horde War Banner. Can be used while mounted. Entering combat will remove the banner.
Alliance War Standard —Nazjatar PvP Reward
Carry an Alliance War Standard. Your movement speed is slightly hindered. Entering combat will remove the banner.
Horde War Standard —Nazjatar PvP Reward
Carry a Horde War Standard. Your movement speed is slightly hindered. Entering combat will remove the banner.


Source: Quest

Ancient Tauren Talisman  Quest Thank Your Guide
Summons your spirit guide for a moment. Show your ancestral pride! Tauren only
Book of the Unshackled  Quest Tome of Tears
Use: Read the book and recall the memories of the Unshackled.
“A tome containing names of members of the Unshackled that lost their lives in the fight against the naga.”
Heart of a Champion  Quest We Stand United
Use: Hold the Heart of Azeroth in your hand.
Azeroth Mini Collection: Mechagon  Mechagon This item begins a quest.
Summon the base and display a figure from your collection.
Collection of Minis includes: Izira Gearsworn, Gazlowe, Prince Erazmin, Cork Stuttguard, Naeno Megacrash, HK-8, King Mechagon, Wrenchbot, Overspark, Bondo Bigblock, Roadtrogg, Cogstar, Blastatron, Sapphironetta Collecting all the available minis rewards the achievement, “Most Minis Wins”


Source: Professions

Holographic Digitalization Hearthstone  Junkyard Tinkering
Use: Returns you to the Great Seal. Speak to an Innkeeper in a different place to change your home location.
“Upload complete!”
Wormhole Generator: Kul Tiras  Engineering
Use: Teleports the player to a random location on Kul Tiras.
“The user is responsible for final destinations teleported to, and may not take any legal action against the maker of this device.”
Wormhole Generator: Zandalar  Engineering
Use: Teleports the player to a random location on Zandalar.
“The user is responsible for final destinations teleported to, and may not take any legal action against the maker of this device.”


Source: Reputation

Rustbolt Banner  Revered with Rustbolt Resistance Vendor: Stolen Royal Vendorbot
Use: Deploy a holographic Rustbolt banner.


Source: Treasures and Rare Creatures

Eternal Palace Dining Set  Drop Nazjatar
Use: Prepare for dinner.
Flopping Fish  Drop Ankoan Supplies or Unshackled Supplies
Use: Place the fish down and kick it around.
Judgment of Mechagon  Drop
Use: Create a hologram of King Mechagon.
Mechagonian Sawblades  Drop Kill Saw
Use: Equipped with Mechagonian Steel Sawblades.
“Cutting Edge Technology.”
Memento of the Deeps  Drop Ankoan Supplies and Unshackled Supplies
Use: Place a seashell on the ground. Interacting with the memento fills you with memories of adventures in Nazjatar with your allies.
Ocean Simulator  Treasure World Arcane Chest Drop
Use: Immerse yourself in the sounds of the ocean.
“No matter where you are, find a moment of peace. Enjoy the soothing sounds of the seashore.”
Pearl of the Abyss  Drop
Use: You feel compelled to place the dark pearl upon your head. . . why would you do that?!
Shadescale  Drop Nazjatar: Shassera
Use: Grasp the shadows around the scale, and perceive the world as if it were midnight.
“Holding the scale clouds your eyes in otherworldly night.”
Shirakess Warning Sign  Drop Nazjatar: Tidemistress Leth’sindra
Use: Place a Warning Sign that lasts for 1 minute. A message can be carved into the sign, causing it to last for 1 hour and making it visible to other players.
Underlight Sealamp  Drop Nazjatar
Use: Place the lamp.
Zanj'ir Weapon Rack  Drop Nazjatar
Use: Equip a naga weapon.


Source: Vendors

Jar of Sunwarmed Sand  Vendor Otela – Tanaris
Use: Sprinkle the dust, and perceive the world as if it were midday.
“This sand has seen the noon sun of thousands of days.”
Symbol of Gral  Vendor Nazjatar: Finder Pruc or Artisan Okata
Believe in Gral and be blessed. “The more that carry Gral’s symbol, the stronger the presence of the lost one grows.”



heritagearmorTauren and Gnome Heritage Armor
Players with maximum-level 120 gnomes or tauren who are Exalted with their faction Gnomeregan or Thunder Bluff respectively will be able to embark on a new quest line for each race to learn more about their history. Once you complete your quest, you’ll gain a new Heritage Armor transmogrification set unique to your race and be able to show off your pride.

Players will also first need to complete the War Campaign quest Stay of Execution, on any character regardless of faction. Stay of Execution will be available shortly after the launch of Rise of Azshara.


 

Rise up to any challenge and show off the cog-nitive prowess of gnomish technology as you get ready to bolt into action in Mechagon and beyond.


 

Stand proud as you reconnect with your ancestors through a spirit journey to honor your tauren heritage.

Begin your journey by visiting the embassy in Orgrimmar or Stormwind after Rise of Azshara arrives.