chaud2018-07-16, 05:02 AMPatch 8.0.1 - War of Thorns Quest Chain
Spoilers ahead! The War of Thorns  is the quest chain that leads up to the Burning of Teldrassil. This content may be broken up into multiple weeks. 


The War of Thorns is a set of faction specific story quest lines that showcase the events leading up to the Burning of Teldrassil.
Sylvanas believes the key to the Horde’s survival is making sure that they gain as much Azerite as possible and keep it from the Alliance. She wants to occupy Darnassus so they can’t use it as a hub to transport Azerite. The Night Elf army is currently in Silithus and so she wants to use this time to strike before they return.
If you are Alliance you will first be sent to Astranaar to defend it from Horde assassins. If you are Horde you are sent there to assassinate guards with the blood elf rogue Lorash 
The Horde is held back from advancing into Darkshore as Malfurion calls upon the wisps to create a wall. 
Sylvanas theorizes that the wisps can be distracted by causing chaos in the forest. This allows the Horde to push through the barrier. 
Sylvanas also has Saurfang take some troops and scale the mountains of Felwood to attack from the North.
Both factions fight for control at strategic points involving dealing with crazed furbolgs and fighting each other. 
The Alliance and Horde then fight for control of the Azerite near the shoreline. 
Sylvanas confronts Malfurion but he blinds her and flees There is then a stalemate at Wildbend River between the Darnassian forces and Horde army.
Both factions unlock the world quests in Darkshore after completing the quest chain up to this point. These world quests provide catch up gear, order hall resources, and gold.



    



The Alliance heads to Darnassus to rally what little troops they have. 
The Horde reunites with Saurfang in Lor’danel  after the wisp wall is taken out. 
The Horde takes out Alliance troops and Saurfang wants to spare as many civilians as possible.
Finally, both factions’ player characters approach Malfurion who is confronting Sylvanas directly. It looks like he has the upper hand until Saurfang strikes a blow from behind. The orc realizes what he did was not honorable, but Sylvanas tries to convince him otherwise. She leaves him to kill Malfurion and heads to Darnassus. 
Tyrande flies in to rescue her husband and Saurfang says he doesn’t deserve to kill him as he struck without honor. She aims her bow at him, saying she will kill him if he tries to stop her from saving Malfurion, to which he tells her to take him and get far away from Darnassus. 
She does so and leaves the Alliance character to go make sure the occupation of the city is tolerable. Meanwhile, Horde characters head back to the conquered Lor’danel.
There is a missing cutscene before Darnassus is in flames and the tree is burning. Horde characters talk to Sylvanas on the Darkshore coast who says she didn’t anticipate this, but it will cause the Alliance to retaliate.
Meanwhile, Alliance players head to Darnassus to help Mia Greymane , Genn’s wife, with the evacuation. Greymane comes through a Stormwind Portal to convince his wife to leave with as many as possible. 
In the end, Alliance players return to Stormwind and Anduin confirms that peace can never be achieved with Sylvanas as warchief. 
Alliance players are rewarded with the Smoldering Reins of the Teldrassil Hippogryph  while the Horde receives the War-Torn Reins of the Undercity Plaguebat 



    
 

Horde

<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          

Alliance

          
          
          
          
          
          
          


Burning of Teldrassil Aftermath Updates
After the events of the Burning of Teldrassil, Darkshore has received a new sky box and a red tint with ash in the sky. Gilnean and Darnassian refuges are now found on the dock of Stormwind Harbor that previously had the ship which sailed to Darnassus. There is now a portal to Darkshore here and a boat to Boralus has taken the spot.


         
           