chaud2018-12-16, 02:11 AMThe Hivemind Mount Solved
The Secret Finding Discord has figured out the Hivemind Mount!


  

You will need a group of at least five players to acquire The Hivemind  There are many pugs going in LFG. You should all have the same warmode setting while working on the puzzle together. 

Step 1 - Purchase and equip the Talisman of True Treasure Tracking  This is obtained Griftah  in Shattrath. Keep this equipped for the entire puzzle. 

Step 2 - Acquire the colored crystal monocles. 
Note: Players have reported that your party only needs one of each monocle, but each one should be held by a different player. According to these reports you do not have to acquire any of these monocles personally to unlock The Hivemind  It is possible to join a group of four players who have these monocles already, but who have not completed the Suramar Beams, and join them at that step.



Red Crystal Monocle - complete the trading game puzzle in Vash’jir. You will need 2380 gold for this step.

Buy 500 Seashell  Sir Finley Mrrgglton 
Buy 100 Cavity-Free Great Shark Tooth  from Volatile Violetscale 
Buy 50 Razoreel Larva  from Manta Stargazer 
Buy 250 Well-Fed Doctor Fish  from Lil’ Whalley 
Buy 10 Freshly Molted Crab Skin  from Gloomy Bluefin 
Buy 50 Glittergill Glitter  from Ol’ Fishbreath 
Return to Sir Finley Mrrgglton  and buy 80 Seashell  
Buy 2 Giant Giant Toenail Clipping  from Gloomy Bluefin  
Buy 4 Makrura Eye  from Little Carp 
Buy 1 Accidentally-Severed Seahorse Fin  from Volatile Violetscale  
Buy 2 Shiny Sea Serpent Scale  from Crimson Angerfish  
Buy 40 Symbiotic Plankton  from Manta Stargazer  
Return to Sir Finley Mrrgglton  and buy 5 Scintillating Murloc Skin Lotion  and 300 Seashell 
Buy 30 Vantus Black Squid Ink  from Ol' Fishbreath 
Buy 30 Super Slick Eel Slime  from The Blackfish 
Buy 3 Rock-Encrusted Whelk Shell  from Volatile Violetscale 
Buy 5 Potent Gastropod Gloop  from Little Carp. 
Return to Sir Finley Mrrgglton  and buy 1500 Seashell  
Buy 300 Very Pretty Coral  from Lil' Whalley 
Buy 100 Iridescent Shimmerray Skin  from Ol' Fishbreath  
Buy 20 Luxurous Luxscale Scale  from Crimson Angerfish 
Buy 5 Captured Cavitation Bubble  from The Blackfish  
Return to Sir Finley Mrrgglton  and buy the Red Crystal Monocle  




Green Crystal Monocle - complete the Skyreach puzzle. 
At the end of the Skyreach dungeon, you can interact with the Basic Instructions banner. 
Interact with the small glowing orb on the console and colored lights will appear in the distance. 
Use the console to perform the following sequence: Right - Up - Down - Up - Right - Right - Up - Left - Down - Up - Left - Down 
A chest will appear at the top of the console, loot the Green Crystal Monocle. 




Yellow Crystal Monocle - complete the Halls of Origination puzzle. 
Enter the Halls of Origination and take the stairs on the right. When you’ve reached the elevator jump down to interact with the Stellar Refraction device. 
Click each constellation that appears to change the colors of other constellations nearby. Once they are all the same color, the chest will spawn containing the Yellow Crystal Monocle. 
An addon has been developed  to help solve this puzzle.
Note that you can invite players to your party after the puzzle has been solved, and they too can loot the chest containing the monocle. 




Blue Crystal Monocle - complete the letter puzzle. 
You will need to read letters located all over Azeroth. 
Letter #1 - Shattrath at 65,69 behind Griftah. 
Letter #2 - Highmountain at 57.41, 27.91 on top a wood crate.
Letter #3 - Karazhan raid on a table in Medivh's Chambers.
Letter #4 - Razorfen Downs at the end of the instance on a table.
Letter #5 - Mount Hyjal at 44.41, 46.65 at the top of the tree.
Letter #6 - Icecrown at 70.73, 73.35 near the border of Crystalsong Forest.
Letter #7 - Townlong Steppes at 37.7, 63 near the base of the structure.
Go to Borean Tundra to the top of The Nexus and loot the Gift from Ms. Graham  at 27.45, 27.12 to acquire the Blue Crystal Monocle. 


Step 3 - Disabling the Suramar Beams. 
In Suramar at 41, 69.5 there are four colored beams, one for each monocle. 
There are also 4 withered NPCs that correspond to each beam / monocle. 
Rikei  red located at 71.86, 62.57
Blom’an  blue located at 46.89, 28.61.
Giluzui  located at 19.95, 46.39.
Yorilan  yellow located at 43.58, 81.82. 
Each member of your party must be at a different withered, equipped with the corresponding colored monocle. Equipping the monocle will make the withered hostile to you. The remaining player will stand by the doorway with the colored beams.
Bringing the withered down to 1% HP will cause it to cast Draw Energy. This will cause that withered’s color beam to briefly be removed from the doorway.
The 4 members of your group handling the withered must carefully time bringing the NPCs down to 1%, while the fifth player stands near the doorway, waiting to go in. 
Once all beams are down, the 5th player must quickly get to the dresser and interact with the Lost Cat Toy  
This will cause the player to be teleported out and take damage. Make note of the amount of damage taken, as this is required to complete the next step. 


Step 4 - Lady Chaton in the Court of Stars
Take the entire group to Lady Chaton  in the Court of Stars  There are numerous manakittens that can be pet. Each time you pet a kitten it gets a stack of Purring  for 15 seconds. 
The damage the 5th player in your party took when getting teleported out of the Suramar room is the number of stacks you must apply to different cats. 
The order of the cats compared to the damage taken is Fluffy, Shadow, Mew, Ash and Bella. For example, if the player in your group took 15904 damage then you would need 1 stack on Fluffy, 5 stacks on Shadow, 9 stacks on Mew, 0 stacks on Ash and 4 stacks on Bella. 
If the damage taken was only 4 digits long, ignore Fluffy. 
If the damage taken was only 3 digits long, Ignore Fluffy and Shadow.
Make sure to start with the cat that has the highest stacks needed, as the stacks quickly drop after 15 seconds. 
Once all necessary cats have their required stacks, an orb will appear. Click it to be teleported to the next puzzle. 


Step 5 - The Jumping Puzzle
All five players will need to get to the other side of the room through the jumping puzzle. 
Assign each player in your group a position, from 1 to 5, and follow this jumping guide 
With all five players across, walk up to the door together. When all players are at the door it can be opened.


Final Step - The Arcane Crossing
Stand about 4-5 steps from top of the stairs. 
The objective is to get all five players over to the other side, by riding the lightlock disc.
Nobody can cross solo. There is a single combination of 3 players within your group that can cross together. The rest will cross in pairs of two.
One person is capable of crossing with any other player. Think of them as the "anchor" player.
Mark each player in the raid with an icon. Through trial and error, send two people at a time onto the disc.
When a pair makes it across, one of them is the anchor. Do some more trial and error to figure out which one it is.
Once you have identified the person who can cross with anyone the anchor, you must now identify the group of three people that can cross together. This will be the only group of three capable of crossing at the same time. It will consist of the anchor player + two other members in your group. Call this the "trio". Use trial and error again.
Once you have identified the trio that can cross together, you are nearly complete. 
The anchor player will always stay on the disc, and only come off in the final step.
With the trio on the disc, drop one of the two non-anchor players off at the finish. You now have two people on the disc. anchor + one member of the trio
Drop the other member of the trio back off at the start, and pick up another regular group member. Take them to the finish, where they will get off, and the member of the trio who was at the finish will get back on. 
Both of these members will ride on the disc back to the start, and pick up the third member of the trio. Ride back to the finish, and drop a member of the trio off at the finish. You now have two members at the finish one member of the trio, one regular member.
The anchor and remaining member of the trio ride back to the start where the remaining member of the trio will hop off the disc, and pickup the other regular member of your party. Drop this person off at the finish, and pick up the member of the trio who was waiting at the finish. You should now have both "regular" members at the finish, the anchor and one trio member on the disc, and one trio member at the start. 
Ride the disc once more to the start, and pick up the last remaining of the trio. All three of you ride to the finish, and hop off at the same time. Approach the door as a group, and open it.
Surrounding The Hivemind  are five shadowy pools. Each member must stand in a different pool and click on The Hivemind  
Once all players channel their spell at the same time, the mount will be yours!