chaud2019-03-29, 09:04 PMAzerite Knowledge To Resume Next Week
With scheduled weekly maintenance in each region, we will resume the Azerite Knowledge effect next week.

Azerite Knowledge will then continue for four more weeks, with its final increment for Season 2 beginning the week of April 23 and ending with weekly maintenance the week of April 30.

We feel like this is the right way to make sure that Azerite powers on current gear are more broadly attainable for as many players as possible.

In this region, weekly maintenance should begin at 7:00 a.m. PDT on Tuesday, April 2.


Jaina Statue Preorder
The 18" Jaina Proudmoore statue seen at Blizzcon is now available for preorder  on the official Blizzard Gear Store. It is scheduled to be delivered by the end of Q3 2019 and costs $350. Click the banner below for more info from the official site.


  

<video width="900px" height="506px" class="gear-video" controls="" poster=""><source src="" type="video/mp4"><source src="" type="video/webm"></video>


Viewer’s Guide: Mythic Dungeon International Spring Season
The Mythic Dungeon International MDI is a global tournament where the top dungeon-running teams in the world use their skill, intelligence, and creativity to secure the best times possible in some of the most difficult Mythic Dungeons on offer. We are entering the first tournament of the year, the MDI Spring Season, so here’s a breakdown of what you need to know!

Many Turtles Made It To the Water
We opened the Proving Grounds and thousands of players around the world answered the call, completing five different level 14 Mythic Keystone Dungeons to earn their spot on the Tournament Realm. These players will have the chance every second week to compete in the Time Trials for their region, West North America, Latin America, and Europe and East China, Korea, Southeast Asia, Taiwan, Australia and New Zealand. The dungeons and affixes are different for each Time Trial, offering new challenges and fresh chances to make the week’s Top 8, which will be broadcast live in the following languages:

Language Streams

MDI West:

English 
Russian 
German 
French 

MDI East:

English 
Korean 
Mandarin Chinese 



Broadcast Schedule
All MDI Cups will broadcast on Saturdays and Sundays local region time. See below for the broadcast dates and start times by region.


 

Each Cup will give players a chance to get their share of USD $12,000 prize money and MDI points. The top point-earning teams from the East and West will combine in a live, cross-regional, in-person Spring Season LAN final in June. This LAN offers a share of USD $100,000 in prize money, as well as a coveted place at the MDI Global Finals. We’ll share more details about the MDI Spring Season’s finals soon!

Casters


 

The bald and beautiful Ted “Sloot” Bacinschi  has been playing World of Warcraft since the early days. He’s been raiding just as long, if you count stepping foot in Zul’Gurub, getting to the first boss and wiping over and over again. Sloot isn’t just a tank on the desk, he’s also a tank extraordinaire in game as a master of many tank specializations. An iconic figure in the North American and European PvE scenes, you can often find him streaming.

Hailing from Italy, Caroline “Naguura” Forer  has come a long way from waiting for her brothers to get off the computer so she could log in and play her Paladin back in Classic. “When I couldn't play, I would just sit for hours and watch my brothers play, then jump straight on as soon as they left the chair,” she said. From Paladin to Druid and from healing to damage, Caroline grew up with the game and went on to establish herself at the core of the EU PvE scene. Now with years of experience, a multitude of World Firsts under her belt and her own forays into WoW esports both competing and casting, she returns to the MDI casting team.

Daniel "AutomaticJak" Azenberger  has been raiding in World of Warcraft for many years and is perhaps most well-known for his healing guides on YouTube  and Wowhead, where he specializes in Holy/Discipline Priest and Mistweaver Monk play. He has been creating guides for over five years and enjoys sharing his knowledge and love of healing, so if you’re a healer looking to step up your game, or a tank/DPS looking to understand your healers more, AutomaticJak’s is the voice that will help you do that during MDI.

Aaron "Sours" Shaffer  is a former competitor who played Hunter in the second Tespa Great Collegiate Dungeon Race in 2016 and MDI 2017. He then transitioned into casting, helping to bring North American and Chinese MDI to your screens, as well as taking on a role as an analyst at the first ever MDI LAN. He hopes to help highlight the skill and talent of the world’s best dungeon runners. His advice to the competitors is to "focus on your own game—it's not about who makes the first mistake in a race, it's about who makes the last". His goal with the MDI program is for viewers to appreciate the time and effort that competitors put into optimizing their play when they stand at the top of the world.

Former captain of the 4-man MDI team Sinking Ship, and self-proclaimed #2 Balance Druid, Peyton “Tettles” Tettleton’s  appearance on the MDI desk will be one for the ages. Overall, his goal for the broadcast is to help viewers understand what makes the runs successful. “There is a lot of nuance in Mythic Plus and being able to teach the path to victory for each team is important,” he said. You can catch him on his stream or on YouTube  where he primarily focuses on PVE content. He also authors the Wowhead Balance Druid Guide. He loves a good-natured meme and ridiculous photos of himself photoshopped.

Rounding out the MDI desk team, Alex "Xyronic" Tatge  is an Affliction Warlock extraordinaire. You can find his guides on Wowhead, where he breaks down everything a master of shadow magic would need to know, from talent builds, Azerite gear, spell rotations, macros and addons, Mythic+ guides, and more!

After existing for years as an invitational tournament, the Mythic Dungeon International is not just an expanded, worldwide, merit-based tournament—it’s a thank you to all the fans of dungeon running around the globe. We can’t wait to get started. To stay on top of Time Trial results each week and the MDI Cups, check out Raider.IO , and be sure to follow us on Twitter  and Twitch  We’ll see you in chat!



Asia-Pacific Enters the Arena
While the Arena World Championships AWC are taking a break in North America and Europe before their LAN finals, it’s time for Asia-Pacific to get in on the action.

AWC Korea, AWC Australia/New Zealand, and AWC Taiwan are kicking off soon, all adjusted from last year to fall in line with the points-based online cups of North America and Europe. These three tournaments will culminate in a live, cross-regional LAN finals in South Korea, which will take place September 28-29. There, the top three point-earning teams from ANZ, the top three point-earning teams from South Korea, and the top two point-earning teams from Taiwan will battle it out for a $36,000 prize pool, the title of APAC champions, and a spot at the AWC Global Finals.

Signups for ANZ are open now , while signups for Korea and Taiwan open soon. We can’t wait for our Asia-Pacific friends to join the fray! Follow us on Twitter  to stay up to date with all things World of Warcraft.

AWC Australia/New Zealand
Cup dates in Australian Eastern time:


ANZ Cup 1: April 5
ANZ Cup 2: April 19
ANZ Cup 3: May 17
ANZ Cup 4: June 14


Tournament format: Double-elimination, best of 5. Finals are best-of-7.

Prize pool: AUD $2,000 per Cup

Signups: Open now 

AWC Korea

Cup dates in Korean Standard time:


KR Cup 1: May 11
KR Cup 2: June 1
KR Cup 3: June 22
KR Cup 4: July 13


Tournament format: Double-elimination, best of 5. Finals are best-of-7.

Prize pool: USD $2,500 per Cup

Signups: Open soon – keep this page bookmarked!

AWC Taiwan
Information, broadcast times and registration will be available in a TW-specific blog post in mid-April.