chaud2018-05-31, 07:11 PMBattle for Azeroth Alpha - Build 26734
A new build is on the way!

Achievement Changes
Battle Dungeon
Dungeons & Raids

Pitch Invasion  Defeat the Coin-Operated Crowd Pummeler after defeating Ledley the Knee Bold in The MOTHERLODE!! on Mythic difficulty.


Battle for Azeroth
Exploration

Cursed Game Hunter New  Kill one of every type of cursed animal in Drustvar.
How to Ptrain Your Pterrordax  Raise a pterrodax Complete the following quests to raise your pterrordax from hatchling to mount at Warbeast Kraal in Zuldazar. 5 points.


Quests

Drag Race  Use the Bolas to drag 10 5 invading troggs behind Cooper at the Norwington Estate. 5 points. same time in the Norwington Estate. 5 points.
Life Finds a Way... To Die!  Kill a member of each of the following dinosaur species. 5 points. Hunt down and kill a fearsome dinosaur of each species from the following list. 5 points.


Island Expeditions
Expansion Features

Archipelago New  Complete the Island Expeditions achievements listed below. 10 points. Account Wide.
Azerite Admiral New  Collect 1,000,000 Azerite on Island Expeditions. 10 points. Account Wide.
Bane of the Chain New  Complete an expedition to Dread Chain in PvP. 10 points. Account Wide.
Bayside Brawler  Name changed from "PvP Island Expedition Win" to "Bayside Brawler". Win a PvP Island Expedition. Win 10 Island Expeditions in PvP. 10 points. Account Wide.
Blood in the Water New  Win 20 Island Expeditions in PvP. 10 points. Account Wide.
Clash at the Cay New  Complete an expedition to Molten Cay in PvP. 10 points. Account Wide.
Competent Captain  Name changed from "Heroic: Island Expedition Win" to "Competent Captain". Win an Island Expedition Win 20 Island Expeditions on Heroic difficulty or higher.10 points. Account Wide.
Dread Chain New  Complete an expedition to Dread Chain on any difficulty. 10 points. Account Wide.
Expedition Leader New  Complete all of the Island Expeditions achievements listed below. Title Reward: Expedition Leader. 20 points.
Expert Expeditioner  Name changed from "Mythic: Island Expedition Win" to "Expert Expeditioner". Win an Island Expedition Win 50 Island Expeditions on Mythic difficulty or higher.10 points. Account Wide.
Give Me The Energy New  Collect 30 globes of Azerite Energy on Island Expeditions. 10 points. Account Wide.
Helping Hand New  Rescue all of the explorers on Island Expeditions listed below. 10 points. Account Wide.
Heroic: Dread Chain New  Complete an expedition to Dread Chain on Heroic difficulty or higher. 10 points. Account Wide.
Heroic: Molten Cay New  Complete an expedition to Molten Cay on Heroic difficulty or higher. 10 points. Account Wide.
Heroic: Rotting Mire New  Complete an expedition to Rotting Mire on Heroic difficulty or higher. 10 points. Account Wide.
Heroic: Skittering Hollow New  Complete an expedition to Skittering Hollow on Heroic difficulty or higher. 10 points. Account Wide.
Heroic: Un'gol Ruins  Name changed from "Heroic: Island Expedition" to "Heroic: Un'gol Ruins". Finish an Island Expedition Complete an expedition to Un'gol Ruins on Heroic difficulty or higher.10 points. Account Wide.
Heroic: Verdant Wilds New  Complete an expedition to Verdant Wilds on Heroic difficulty or higher. 10 points. Account Wide.
Heroic: Whispering Reef New  Complete an expedition to Whispering Reef on Heroic difficulty or higher. 10 points. Account Wide.
I'm Here for the Pets New  Obtain all of the Island Expeditions battle pets listed below. 10 points. Account Wide.
Metal Detector New  Loot 100 Seafarer's Dubloons. 10 points. Account Wide.
Mire Marauder New  Complete an expedition to Rotting Mire in PvP. 10 points. Account Wide.
Molten Cay New  Complete an expedition to Molten Cay on any difficulty. 10 points. Account Wide.
My Dubs New  Loot 10 Seafarer's Dubloons. 10 points. Account Wide.
Mythic: Dread Chain New  Complete an expedition to Dread Chain on Mythic difficulty or higher. 10 points. Account Wide.
Mythic: Molten Cay New  Complete an expedition to Molten Cay on Mythic difficulty or higher. 10 points. Account Wide.
Mythic: Rotting Mire New  Complete an expedition to Rotting Mire on Mythic difficulty or higher. 10 points. Account Wide.
Mythic: Skittering Hollow New  Complete an expedition to Skittering Hollow on Mythic difficulty or higher. 10 points. Account Wide.
Mythic: Un'gol Ruins  Name changed from "Mythic: Island Expedition" to "Mythic: Un'gol Ruins". Finish an Island Expedition Complete an expedition to Un'gol Ruins on Mythic difficulty or higher.10 points. Account Wide.
Mythic: Verdant Wilds New  Complete an expedition to Verdant Wilds on Mythic difficulty or higher. 10 points. Account Wide.
Mythic: Whispering Reef New  Complete an expedition to Whispering Reef on Mythic difficulty or higher. 10 points. Account Wide.
No Tourist  Name changed from "Normal: Island Expedition Win" to "No Tourist". Win an Island Expedition Win 10 Island Expeditions on Normal difficulty or higher.10 points. Account Wide.
Notorious New  Win 50 Island Expeditions in PvP. 10 points. Account Wide.
Reef Madness New  Complete an expedition to Whispering Reef in PvP. 10 points. Account Wide.
Rotting Mire New  Complete an expedition to Rotting Mire on any difficulty. 10 points. Account Wide.
Ruined the Ruins  Name changed from "PvP Island Expedition" to "Ruined the Ruins". Finish an Island Expedition on PvP mode. Complete an expedition to Un'gol Ruins in PvP. 10 points. Account Wide.
Skittering Hollow New  Complete an expedition to Skittering Hollow on any difficulty. 10 points. Account Wide.
Skittering Smashed New  Complete an expedition to Skittering Hollow in PvP. 10 points. Account Wide.
Sucker Punch New  Kill a player that is affected by a Sticky Starfish on Island Expeditions. 10 points. Account Wide.
Team Deathmatch New  Slay all of the Alliance champions listed below. 10 points. Account Wide.
Team Deathmatch New  Slay all of the Horde champions listed below. 10 points. Account Wide.
Tell Me A Tale New  Complete all of the Island Expeditions quests listed below. 10 points. Account Wide.
Un'gol Ruins  Name changed from "Normal: Island Expedition" to "Un'gol Ruins". Finish an Island Expedition on Normal difficulty or higher. Complete an expedition to Un'gol Ruins on any difficulty. 10 points. Account Wide.
Verdant Wilds New  Complete an expedition to Verdant Wilds on any difficulty. 10 points. Account Wide.
War for the Wilds New  Complete an expedition to Verdant Wilds in PvP. 10 points. Account Wide.
Whispering Reef New  Complete an expedition to Whispering Reef on any difficulty. 10 points. Account Wide.


Mounts
Feats of Strength

Dread Gladiator's Proto-Drake New  Obtain the Dread Gladiator's Proto-Drake from Battle for Azeroth Season 1.


Player vs. Player
Feats of Strength

Dread Gladiator: Battle for Azeroth Season 1  End Battle for Azeroth PvP Season 1 in the top 0.1% of the 3v3 arena ladder requires 150 games won your current faction in Battle for Azeroth Season 1. Title Reward: Dread Gladiator.
Gladiator: Battle for Azeroth Season 1  Win 50 games while in the Gladiator 3v3 bracket 3v3 games while at Gladiator rank during Battle for Azeroth Season 1. Title Reward: Gladiator. Reward: Gladiator Mount and Gladiator Title.




Spell Changes
Companions

Barnaby  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Barnaby". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Bloodstone Tunneler  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Bloodstone Tunneler". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Captain Nibs  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Captain Nibs". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Coldlight Surfrunner  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Coldlight Surfrunner". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Craghoof Kid  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Craghoof Kid". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Deathsting Scorpid  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Deathsting Scorpid". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
False Knucklebump  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "False Knucklebump". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Giggling Flame  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Giggling Flame". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Inky  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Inky". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Juvenile Brineshell  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Juvenile Brineshell". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Kindleweb Spiderling  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Kindleweb Spiderling". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Kunchong Hatchling  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Kunchong Hatchling". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Laughing Stonekin  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Laughing Stonekin". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Littlehoof  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Littlehoof". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Mischievous Zephyr  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Mischievous Zephyr". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Muskflank Calfling  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Muskflank Calfling". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Octopode Fry  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Octopode Fry". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Playful Frostkin  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Playful Frostkin". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Poro  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Poro". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Sandshell Chitterer  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Sandshell Chitterer". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Scuttle  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Scuttle". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Snapper  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Snapper". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Snort  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Snort". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Sparkleshell Sandcrawler  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Sparkleshell Sandcrawler". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Summon Mummy  Right Click to summon and dismiss your Mummy. Battle Pet. Instant. Miimii. Battle Pet. Instant.
Sunscale Hatchling  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Sunscale Hatchling". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Thistlebrush Bud  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Thistlebrush Bud". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Tinder Pup  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Tinder Pup". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.
Voru'kar Leecher  Name changed from "Pet Template" to "Voru'kar Leecher". Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Instant. Battle Pet. Instant.


Item Set Bonuses

Careful Guard New  Increases shield block value by 62,200. Instant.


 Demon Hunter Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Talents

Spirit Bomb  Consume up to 3 5 Soul Fragments within 25 yds and then explode, afflicting nearby enemies with Frailty for 20 sec and damaging them for [ 22.11% of Attack Power ] Fire per fragment. You heal for 10% of all damage you deal to enemies with Frailty. Vengeance Demon Hunter - Level 108 Talent. 30 Pain. 40 yd range. Instant.
Void Reaver  Enemies struck by Soul Cleave deal 8% 6% less damage to you for 4 12 sec. Vengeance Demon Hunter - Level 110 Talent.


 Druid Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Talents

Force of Nature  Summons a stand of 3 Treants for 10 sec which immediately taunt and attack enemies in the targeted area. Generates 15 Astral Power over 10 sec 20 Astral Power. Can't be cast in Flight Form. Balance Druid - Level 15 Talent. 40 yd range. Instant. 60 sec cooldown.


 Hunter Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Talents

One with the Pack  Wild Call has a 20% increased chance to reset the cooldown of Dire Beast Barbed Shot. Beast Mastery Hunter - Level 30 Talent.
Stomp  When your Dire Beasts charge in they will stomp When you cast Barbed Shot, your pet stomps the ground, dealing damage Physical damage to all nearby enemies. Beast Mastery Hunter - Level 90 Talent.


 Monk Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Renewing Mist  Surrounds the target with healing mists, restoring [ 175% of Spell Power ] health over 20 sec. If Renewing Mist heals a target past maximum health, it will travel to another injured ally within 20 yds. Each time Renewing Mist heals, it has a 4% chance to increase the healing of your next Vivify by 40%. Unlimited range. Instant. 30%. Unlimited range. Instant.
Vivify Brewmaster, Windwalker  Causes a surge of invigorating mists, healing the target for [ 100% of Attack Power ]. [ 105% of Attack Power ].
Vivify Mistweaver  Causes a surge of invigorating mists, healing the target for [ 100% [ 105% of Attack Power ] and all allies with your Renewing Mist active for [ 60% of Spell Power ]. [ 70% of Spell Power ].


Talents

Bob and Weave New  Increases the duration of Stagger by 3.0 sec. Brewmaster Monk - Level 75 Talent.
Healing Elixir  Drink a healing elixir, healing you for 15% of your maximum health. Healing Elixir will automatically trigger if you drop below 35% health, and a charge is available. 2 charges 2 charges. Mistweaver. Monk - Level 75 Talent. Instant. 30 sec recharge. 2 charges.


Brewmaster

Stagger  You shrug off attacks, delaying a portion of Physical damage based on your Agility, instead taking it over 10 sec. Affects magical attacks at 20% 25% effectiveness. Monk - Brewmaster Spec. 1 sec global cooldown.


Mistweaver

Renewing Mist  Surrounds the target with healing mists, restoring [ 175% of Spell Power ] health over 20 sec. If Renewing Mist heals a target past maximum health, it will travel to another injured ally within 20 yds. Each time Renewing Mist heals, it has a 4% chance to increase the healing of your next Vivify by 40% 30%. Monk - Mistweaver Spec. 3% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. Instant. 8 sec cooldown.
Renewing Mist  Each time Renewing Mist heals, it has a 4% chance to increase the healing of your next Vivify by 40%. Monk - Mistweaver Spec. 30%. Monk - Mistweaver Spec.
Vivify  Vivify heals all allies with your Renewing Mist active for [ 60% [ 70% of Spell Power ]%. Monk - Mistweaver Spec.


None
PvP Talents

Controlled Burn New  Ignite deals its full damage 100% faster, but no longer spreads to nearby enemies unless Combustion is active. Tank Role - Tier 0 PvP Talent.
Death from Above  Finishing move that empowers your weapons with shadow energy and performs a devastating attack. You then energy to performs a deadly attack. You leap into the air and Eviscerate your target on the way back down, with such force that it has a 15% stronger effect. Requires One-Handed Melee Weapon. Tank Role - Tier 0 PvP Talent. 25 Energy. 15 yd range. Instant. 30 sec cooldown. 2 sec global cooldown.
Ghoulish Monstrosity New  Ghouls summoned by Army of the Dead leap together to form a single ghoulish monstrosity. Reduces the cooldown of Army of the Dead by 4 min. Tank Role - Tier 0 PvP Talent.
Heavy-Handed Strikes  Fists of Fury has a 5 yard increased range, and targets hit by Fists of Fury are rooted for 4 sec. Honor Talent. damage causes the target to deal 20% less damage for 2 sec, stacking up to 3 times. Tank Role - Tier 0 PvP Talent.


 Paladin Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Talents

Word of Glory  Heals the 3 most injured friendly targets within 30 yards for [ 560% of Spell Power Heals a friendly target and the 2 most injured targets within 0 yards for 2;]. 2 charges. Retribution Paladin - Level 90 Talent. 3 Holy Power. 40 yd range. Instant. 60 sec recharge. 2 charges.


Holy & Protection

Consecration  Consecrates the land beneath you, causing [ 31.5% of Attack Power ] Holy damage over 12 sec to enemies who enter the area. Limit 1. Paladin - Holy & Protection Spec. Instant. 4.5 sec cooldown.


Protection

Mastery: Divine Bulwark  Increases your chance to block melee attacks by 0.0%, and reduces all damage taken while inside your Consecration by 0.0%. Increases your chance to block melee attacks by 0.0%. Also increases your attack power by 0.0%. Paladin - Protection Spec.


 Priest Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Flash Heal  A fast spell that heals an ally for [ 118.75% [ 135% of Spell Power ]. Can be cast in Spirit of Redemption. Can't be cast in Shadowform. 2.8% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. 1.5 sec cast.
Penance  Launches a volley of holy light at the target, causing [ 160% [ 176% of Spell Power ] Holy damage to an enemy or [ 225% of Spell Power ] healing to an ally over 2 sec. Castable while moving. 40 yd range. Instant.
Penance  Launches a volley of holy light at the target, causing [ 160% [ 176% of Spell Power ] Holy damage to an enemy or [ 225% of Spell Power ] healing to an ally over 2 sec. Castable while moving. 40 yd range. Instant.


Talents

Contrition  When you heal with Penance, everyone with your Atonement is healed for [ 16% [ 12% of Spell Power ]. Priest - Level 75 Talent.
Dark Ascension New  Immediately activates Voidform. Cannot be used while in Voidform. Generates 30 Insanity. Shadow Priest - Level 100 Talent. Instant. 1.5 min cooldown.
Lenience  Atonement reduces damage taken by 3% 4%. Discipline Priest - Level 100 Talent.
Light of the Naaru  The cooldowns of your Holy Words are reduced by an additional 2 sec when you cast the relevant spells. Holy Priest - Level 45 Talent. 100 Talent.
Lingering Insanity  When Voidform ends, its Haste bonus fades by 1% every second period sec, instead of ending immediately. Shadow Priest - Level 90 Talent.
Shadow Covenant  Draws on the power of shadow to heal the target and 4 injured allies within 30 yds for [ 125% of Spell Power ], but leaves a shell on them that absorbs the next [ 62.5% of Spell Power + 0.3% of Spell Power ] healing they receive within 6 sec. Can be cast in Spirit of Redemption. Can't be cast in Shadowform. Priest - Level 75 Talent. 5% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. Instant.
Sins of the Many  Your damage is increased by up to 10% 12%, diminishing for each ally affected by your Atonement. Discipline Priest - Level 75 Talent.
Void Torrent  Channel a torrent of void energy into the target, dealing [ 300% of Spell Power ] Shadow damage over 4 sec. Insanity does not drain during this channel. Requires Voidform. Shadow Priest - Level 100 90 Talent. 40 yd range. 4 sec cast Channeled. 45 sec cooldown.


Discipline

Discipline Priest  Discipline Priest core passive Increases damage/healing by 40%: Binding Heal, Body and Mind, Circle of Healing, Contrition, Divine Star, Flash Heal, Halo, Holy Word: Salvation, Orison, Penance, Power Word: Radiance, Prayer of Mending, Shadow Mend Increases periodic damage/healing by 40%: Binding Heal, Body and Mind, Circle of Healing, Contrition, Divine Star, Flash Heal, Halo, Holy Word: Salvation, Orison, Penance, Power Word: Radiance, Prayer of Mending, Shadow Mend Priest - Discipline Spec.
Penance  Launches a volley of holy light at the target, causing [ 160% [ 176% of Spell Power ] Holy damage to an enemy or [ 225% of Spell Power ] healing to an ally over 2 sec. Castable while moving. Priest - Discipline Spec. 2.2% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. Instant. 9 sec cooldown.


Discipline & Shadow

Shadow Mend  Wraps an ally in shadows which heal for [ 160% [ 180% of Spell Power ], but at a price. The ally will take [ 8% [ 9% of Spell Power ] damage every 1 sec, until they have taken [ 80% [ 90% of Spell Power ] total damage from all sources, or leave combat. Priest - Discipline & Shadow Spec. 2.8% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. 1.5 sec cast.


Holy

Holy Priest  Holy Priest core passive Increases damage/healing by 40%: Binding Heal, Body and Mind, Circle of Healing, Contrition, Cosmic Ripple, Divine Hymn, Divine Star, Flash Heal, Halo, Heal, Holy Word: Salvation, Holy Word: Sanctify, Holy Word: Serenity, Holy Words, Orison, Penance, Prayer of Healing, Prayer of Mending, Renew Increases periodic damage/healing by 40%: Binding Heal, Body and Mind, Circle of Healing, Contrition, Cosmic Ripple, Divine Hymn, Divine Star, Flash Heal, Halo, Heal, Holy Word: Salvation, Holy Word: Sanctify, Holy Word: Serenity, Holy Words, Orison, Penance, Prayer of Healing, Prayer of Mending, Renew Increases damage/healing by 10%: Dark Void, Divine Star, Halo, Holy Fire, Holy Nova, Holy Word: Chastise, Holy Words, Penance, Power Word: Solace, Purge the Wicked, Schism, Shadow Crash, Shadow Word: Death, Shadow Word: Void, Smite, Void Torrent Increases periodic damage/healing by 10%: Dark Void, Divine Star, Halo, Holy Fire, Holy Nova, Holy Word: Chastise, Holy Words, Penance, Power Word: Solace, Purge the Wicked, Schism, Shadow Crash, Shadow Word: Death, Shadow Word: Void, Smite, Void Torrent Priest - Holy Spec.
Holy Word: Sanctify  Releases miraculous light at a target location, healing up to 6 allies within 10 yds for [ 80 + 150% 175% of Spell Power ]. Cooldown reduced by 6 sec when you cast Prayer of Healing and by 2 sec when you cast Renew Can be cast in Spirit of Redemption. Can't be cast in Shadowform. Priest - Holy Spec. 5% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. Instant. 60 sec cooldown.
Renew  Fill the target with faith in the light, healing them instantly for [ 18% [ 21% of Spell Power ] and then [ 90% [ 105% of Spell Power ] over 15 sec. Can be cast in Shadowform, Spirit of Redemption. Priest - Holy Spec. 2% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. Instant.


Shadow

Shadow Priest  Decreases damage/healing by 20%: Dark Void, Divine Star, Halo, Mind Blast, Mind Flay, Mind Sear, Penance, Power Word: Solace, Purge the Wicked, Schism, Shadow Crash, Shadow Word: Death, Shadow Word: Pain, Shadow Word: Void, Shadowy Apparitions, Smite, Vampiric Touch, Void Bolt, Void Eruption, Void Torrent Decreases periodic damage/healing by 20%: Dark Void, Divine Star, Halo, Mind Blast, Mind Flay, Mind Sear, Penance, Power Word: Solace, Purge the Wicked, Schism, Shadow Crash, Shadow Word: Death, Shadow Word: Pain, Shadow Word: Void, Shadowy Apparitions, Smite, Vampiric Touch, Void Bolt, Void Eruption, Void Torrent Increases damage/healing by 40% 24%: Shadow Mend Priest - Shadow Spec.


 Rogue Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Talents

Leeching Poison New  Adds a Leeching Poison effect to your Deadly Poison and Wound Poison, granting you 10% Leech. Assassination Rogue - Level 60 Talent.
Secret Technique New  Finishing move that vanishes you from sight momentarily and creates 3 shadow clones of yourself. Your shadow clones each perform a piercing attack on all enemies in a line, dealing Physical damage to the primary target and reduced damage to other targets. 1 point : [ 30% of Attack Power ] total damage 2 points: [ 60% of Attack Power ] total damage 3 points: [ 90% of Attack Power ] total damage 4 points: [ 120% of Attack Power ] total damage 5 points: [ 150% of Attack Power ] total damage 6 points: [ 180% of Attack Power ] total damage Requires Daggers. Subtlety Rogue - Level 100 Talent. 30 Energy. Melee range. Instant. 30 sec cooldown. 1 sec global cooldown.
Shuriken Tornado  Focus momentarily Focus intently, then release a Shuriken Storm every sec for the next 4 sec. Subtlety Rogue - Level 100 Talent. 60 Energy. Instant. 60 sec cooldown. 1 sec global cooldown.


Assassination

Assassination Rogue  Increases damage/healing by 32%: Blade Rush, Blindside, Crimson Tempest, Deadly Poison, Envenom, Eviscerate, Fan of Knives, Garrote, Ghostly Strike, Gloomblade, Internal Bleeding, Killing Spree, Main Gauche, Mutilate, Poison Bomb, Poisoned Knife, Rupture, Secret Technique, Sinister Strike, Toxic Blade, Wound Poison Increases periodic damage/healing by 32%: Blade Rush, Blindside, Crimson Tempest, Deadly Poison, Envenom, Eviscerate, Fan of Knives, Garrote, Ghostly Strike, Gloomblade, Internal Bleeding, Killing Spree, Main Gauche, Mutilate, Poison Bomb, Poisoned Knife, Rupture, Secret Technique, Sinister Strike, Toxic Blade, Wound Poison Rogue - Assassination Spec.


Outlaw

Outlaw Rogue  Increases damage/healing by 28%: Ambush, Between the Eyes, Blade Rush, Blindside, Crimson Tempest, Deadly Poison, Dispatch, Ghostly Strike, Gloomblade, Internal Bleeding, Killing Spree, Main Gauche, Mastery: Main Gauche, Mutilate, Pistol Shot, Poison Bomb, Riposte, Secret Technique, Sinister Strike, Toxic Blade, Wound Poison Increases periodic damage/healing by 28%: Ambush, Between the Eyes, Blade Rush, Blindside, Crimson Tempest, Deadly Poison, Dispatch, Ghostly Strike, Gloomblade, Internal Bleeding, Killing Spree, Main Gauche, Mastery: Main Gauche, Mutilate, Pistol Shot, Poison Bomb, Riposte, Secret Technique, Sinister Strike, Toxic Blade, Wound Poison Rogue - Outlaw Spec.


Subtlety

Subtlety Rogue  Increases damage/healing by 25%: Backstab, Blade Rush, Blindside, Crimson Tempest, Deadly Poison, Eviscerate, Ghostly Strike, Gloomblade, Internal Bleeding, Killing Spree, Main Gauche, Mutilate, Nightblade, Poison Bomb, Second Shuriken, Secret Technique, Shadow Blades, Shadowstrike, Shuriken Storm, Shuriken Toss, Toxic Blade, Wound Poison Increases periodic damage/healing by 25%: Backstab, Blade Rush, Blindside, Crimson Tempest, Deadly Poison, Eviscerate, Ghostly Strike, Gloomblade, Internal Bleeding, Killing Spree, Main Gauche, Mutilate, Nightblade, Poison Bomb, Second Shuriken, Secret Technique, Shadow Blades, Shadowstrike, Shuriken Storm, Shuriken Toss, Toxic Blade, Wound Poison Rogue - Subtlety Spec.


 Shaman Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Talents

Echo of the Elements Elemental  Other effects that reset its remaining cooldown will instead grant 1 charge.
Echo of the Elements Restoration  Other effects that reset their remaining cooldown will instead grant 1 charge. In addition, when you consume a charge of Tidal Waves, you have a 10% chance to generate a charge of Riptide. Effects that reset their remaining cooldown will instead grant 1 charge.
Echo of the Elements  Restoration Shaman - Level 90 Talent. Elemental Shaman - Level 15 Talent.
Flash Flood New  When you consume Tidal Waves, the cast time of your next heal is reduced by 20%. Restoration Shaman - Level 90 Talent.
Lightning Shield  Surround yourself with a shield of lightning for 60 min. Melee attackers have a chance to suffer [ 9.83% of Attack Power ] Nature damage, and add a charge to your shield. When you Stormstrike, it gains 2 charges. At 15 charges, the shield overcharges, causing you to deal [ 10% of Attack Power ] Nature damage with each attack and generate 10 100 Maelstrom over 10 sec. Enhancement Shaman - Level 15 Talent. Instant.


Elemental

Mastery: Elemental Overload New  Your Mastery can now also affect Elemental Blast, Lava Burst, and Icefury. Shaman - Elemental Spec.
Mastery: Elemental Overload  Your Lightning Bolt, Elemental Blast, Icefury, Chain Lightning, and Lava Burst and Chain Lightning casts have a [ 187.5% of Spell Power ]% chance to trigger a second cast on the same target for 85% of normal damage and generates less Maelstrom. Shaman - Elemental Spec.


Elemental & Restoration

Lava Burst Elemental  Lava Burst will always critically strike if the target is affected by Flame Shock. the target. 


Restoration

Lava Burst  Lava Burst will always critically strike if the target is affected by Flame Shock. Shaman - Elemental & Restoration Spec. Restoration Spec.


 Warlock Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Talents

Soul Strike  Command your Felguard to strike into the soul of its enemy, dealing [ 100% of Attack Power damage;] Shadow damage. Generates 1 Soul Shard. Demonology Warlock - Level 60 Talent. 50 yd range. Instant. 10 sec cooldown.


Pets

Felstorm  The Felguard recklessly swings its weapon, striking all nearby targets within 8 yards for [ 33% of Attack Power ]% weapon damage every damage Physical damage every 1 sec for 5 sec. The Felguard cannot take any other action during Felstorm. Special Ability. 60 Energy. Instant. 30 sec cooldown.
Legion Strike  A strong attack that does [ 68% of Attack Power ]% damage of the Felguard's weapon damage to all enemies in front of it, and reduces the effectiveness of any healing the victim receives by 10% for 6 sec. Right-Click to toggle Requires Weapon. Basic Attack. 60 Energy. Melee range. Instant. 1 sec global cooldown.


 Warrior Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Berserker Rage  Arms, Protection: Go berserk, removing and granting immunity to Fear, Sap, and Incapacitate effects for 6 sec. Fury: Go berserk, removing and granting immunity to Fear, Sap, and Incapacitate effects for 6 sec. Also Enrages you for 4 sec. Instant. 60 sec cooldown. Instant. 60 sec cooldown.
Bladestorm  You become a whirling storm of destructive force, striking all nearby targets with your main hand weapon for [ 33.85% [ 55% of Attack Power ] Physical damage. Instant.
Bladestorm Off-Hand  You become a whirling storm of destructive force, striking all nearby targets with your off-hand weapon for [ 20.31% [ 55% of Attack Power ] Physical damage. Requires Melee Weapon. Instant.
Bloodthirst Heal  Bloodthirst heals the Warrior for 4% of their health. Instant. 5% of their health. Instant.
Execute Off-Hand  Attempt to finish off a wounded foe, causing [ 160% [ 180% of Attack Power ] Physical damage. Only usable on enemies that have less than 20% health. Generates 20 Rage. Requires Melee Weapon. Melee range. Instant.
Raging Blow  A mighty blow with both weapons that deals a total of [ 54.2% [ 96% of Attack Power * mult ] Physical damage. Raging Blow has a 25% 20% chance to instantly reset its own cooldown. Generates 12 Rage. Requires Melee Weapon. 100 yd range. Instant.
Raging Blow  A mighty blow with both weapons that deals a total of [ 54.2% [ 96% of Attack Power * mult ] Physical damage. Raging Blow has a 25% 20% chance to instantly reset its own cooldown. Generates 12 Rage. Requires Melee Weapon. 100 yd range. Instant.
Victory Rush  Strikes the target, causing [ 311 + 32.76% 40% of Attack Power ] damage and healing you for 20% of your maximum health. Only usable within 20 sec after you kill an enemy that yields experience or honor. Melee range. Instant. 30 sec cooldown.
Victory Rush  Strikes the target, causing [ 311 + 32.76% 40% of Attack Power ] damage and healing you for 20% of your maximum health. Only usable within 20 sec after you kill an enemy that yields experience or honor. Melee range. Instant.
Whirlwind Off-Hand  Unleashes a whirlwind of steel, striking all enemies within 8 yards for [ 34.8% [ 35.4% of Attack Power ] Physical damage. Causes your next Bloodthirst or Rampage 2 single-target attacks to strike up to 4 additional targets for 40% damage. Generates 3 Rage, plus an additional 1 per target hit. Maximum 8 Rage. Requires One-Handed Axes, Two-Handed Axes, One-Handed Maces, Two-Handed Maces, Polearms, One-Handed Swords, Two-Handed Swords, Staves, Fist Weapons, Daggers. Instant.


Talents

Bladestorm  Become an unstoppable storm of destructive force, striking all targets within 8 yards with both weapons for [ 379.1% of Attack Power ] Physical damage over 6 dmg Physical damage over 3 sec. You are immune to movement impairing and loss of control effects, but can use defensive abilities and avoid attacks. Generates 15 Rage over the duration. Fury Warrior - Level 100 Talent. Instant. 1.5 min cooldown. 60 sec cooldown.
Bloodbath  Cause a bloodbath, dealing [ 60% of Attack Power ] Physical damage to all enemies in front of you. For the next 10 sec, your melee attacks and abilities cause targets to bleed for 40% additional damage over 6 sec. Requires Melee Weapon. Fury Warrior - Level 90 45 Talent. Melee range. Instant. 40 sec cooldown.
Dragon Roar  Roar explosively, dealing [ 80% of Attack Power [ 170% of Attack Power ] Physical;] damage to all enemies within 8 12 yds and reducing their movement speed by 50% for 6 sec. Generates 10 Rage. Fury Warrior - Level 100 Talent. Instant. 25 sec cooldown. 35 sec cooldown.
Fresh Meat  Bloodthirst has a 15% increased chance to trigger Enrage and heals for 25% 20% more. Fury Warrior - Level 15 Talent.
Furious Charge  Charge also increases the healing from your next Bloodthirst by 300% 250%. Fury Warrior - Level 60 Talent.
Furious Slash  Aggressively strike with your off-hand weapon for [ 50.3% [ 60% of Attack Power * mult ] Physical damage, and has a 10% chance to Enrage you. Generates 4 increases your Haste by 3% for 15 sec, stacking up to 3 times. Generates 5 Rage. Requires Two-Handed Melee Weapon. Warrior - Fury Spec. Melee range. Instant. Fury Warrior - Level 90 Talent. Melee range. Instant.
Inner Rage  NYI Raging Blow's cooldown is reduced by reduction sec and damage is increased by 15% Fury Warrior - Level 90 Talent.
Massacre  Execute critical strikes reduce the Rage cost of your next Rampage by 100% Execute increases the critical strike chance of your abilities by 10% for 15 sec, stacking up to 3 times. Fury Warrior - Level 75 Talent.
Meat Cleaver  Name changed from "Storm of Steel" to "Meat Cleaver". Whirlwind now causes your next 1 attacks to strike up to 4 additional targets for 50% damage. Whirlwind generates an additional 2 Rage per target hit. Maximum of 6 additional Rage. Fury Warrior - Level 100 Talent.
Reckless Abandon  Recklessness lasts 2 3 sec longer and generates 100 Rage. Fury Warrior - Level 45 Talent.
Wrecking Ball  Your attacks have a chance to make your next Whirlwind deal 300% increased damage. Fury Warrior - Level 100 90 Talent. Approximately 3 procs per minute.


Arms

Arms Warrior  Increases damage/healing by 25%: Bladestorm, Bladestorm Off-Hand, Bloodbath, Bloodthirst Heal, Charge, Cleave, Colossus Smash, Deep Wounds, Devastator, Dragon Roar, Execute, Execute Off-Hand, Furious Slash, Hamstring, Heroic Leap, Heroic Throw, Impending Victory, Mastery: Deep Wounds, Mortal Strike, Opportunity Strikes, Overpower, Raging Blow, Ravager, Rend, Skullsplitter, Slam, Storm Bolt, Victory Rush, Warbreaker, Whirlwind, Whirlwind Off-Hand Increases periodic damage/healing by 25%: Bladestorm, Bladestorm Off-Hand, Bloodbath, Bloodthirst Heal, Charge, Cleave, Colossus Smash, Deep Wounds, Devastator, Dragon Roar, Execute, Execute Off-Hand, Furious Slash, Hamstring, Heroic Leap, Heroic Throw, Impending Victory, Mastery: Deep Wounds, Mortal Strike, Opportunity Strikes, Overpower, Raging Blow, Ravager, Rend, Skullsplitter, Slam, Storm Bolt, Victory Rush, Warbreaker, Whirlwind, Whirlwind Off-Hand Increases damage/healing by 50%: Bladestorm and Bladestorm Off-Hand Warrior - Arms Spec.
Bladestorm  Become an unstoppable storm of destructive force, striking all targets within 8 yards for [ 237% [ 385% of Attack Power ] Physical damage over 6 sec. You are immune to movement impairing and loss of control effects, but can use defensive abilities and can avoid attacks. Warrior - Arms Spec. Instant. 1.5 min cooldown.


Fury

Bloodthirst  Assault the target in a bloodthirsty craze, dealing [ 43% [ 70% of Attack Power * mult ] Physical damage and restoring 4% 5% of your health. Generates 8 Rage. Requires Two-Handed Melee Weapon. Warrior - Fury Spec. Melee range. Instant. 4.5 sec cooldown.
Enrage  Bloodthirst has a 30% chance to Enrage you, increasing your Becoming Enraged increases your damage done by [ 140% of Spell Power ]% Haste by 25% and movement speed by 10% for 4 sec. Warrior - Fury Spec. Bloodthirst has a 30% chance to Enrage you. Rampage always Enrages you. Warrior - Fury Spec.
Execute  Attempt to finish off a wounded foe, causing [ 160% [ 180% of Attack Power ] Physical damage. Only usable on enemies that have less than 20% health. Generates 20 Rage. Requires Melee Weapon. Warrior - Fury Spec. Melee range. Instant. 6 sec cooldown.
Raging Blow  A mighty blow with both weapons that deals a total of [ 54.2% [ 96% of Attack Power * mult ] Physical damage. Raging Blow has a 25% 20% chance to instantly reset its own cooldown. Generates 12 Rage. Requires Two-Handed Melee Weapon. 2 charges. Warrior - Fury Spec. Melee range. Instant. 7.5 sec recharge. 2 charges. 8 sec recharge. 2 charges.
Whirlwind  Unleashes a whirlwind of steel, striking all enemies within 8 yards for [ 34.8% [ 35.4% of Attack Power ] Physical damage. Causes your next Bloodthirst or Rampage 2 single-target attacks to strike up to 4 additional targets for 40% damage. Generates 3 Rage, plus an additional 1 per target hit. Maximum 8 Rage. Requires Melee Weapon. Warrior - Fury Spec. Instant.


Professions
Leatherworking

Imbued Tempest Boots  Craft Imbued Hardened Tempest Boots. Leatherworking. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Hardened Tempest Hide x 45, Calcified Bone x 55, Expulsom x 50, Sanguicell x 25.


Tailoring

Tidespray Linen Sandals  Name changed from "Tidespray Linen Boots" to "Tidespray Linen Sandals". Create Tidespray Linen Boots Sandals. Tailoring. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Tidespray Linen x 20, Nylon Thread x 10.


Raid & Dungeon Abilities

Bursting Surge  Unlimited range. Instant. Creates a bursting pool of plood, inflicting 40 Shadow damage and knocking back any players it comes into contact with. Unlimited range. Instant.
Immolation  Bursts into flames, Hurling flaming tar at random destinations that inflicts 22 Fire damage on impact to nearby enemies and leaves a pool that inflicts 25 4 Fire damage every 1 sec. 100 yd range. Instant.
Tidal Surge  At full energy, conjures a wall of water that surges across the space, inflicting 25 35 Frost damage to all enemies caught in the wave. 100 yd range. Instant.


Item Effects

Absorbing New  Absorb the Aether of the Abyss. 1.5 sec cast.
Baby Crawg  Right Click to summon and dismiss the Baby Crawg. Instant. this companion. Battle Pet. Instant.
Battle Flag: Phalanx Defense  Drop a flag onto the battlefield that decreases damage taken by 15% for all allies within 15 yards of it's its location. Lasts 30 sec. Instant.
Battle Flag: Spirit of Freedom  Drop a flag onto the battlefield that decreases the amount of time one is affected by crowd controlling effects for all allies within 15 yards of it's its location. Lasts 30 sec. Instant.
Bloodfeaster Larva New  Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Battle Pet. Instant.
Check Uniqueness New  Check the scroll against your current collection. 3 sec cast.
Consume Whole  Chance to consume your recent kills whole Chance on defeating an enemy to consume some of their vitality, healing you for [ 690 + 100% of Spell Power ] over 10 sec.
Dread Combatant's Bounty  Name changed from "Wartorn Essence" to "Dread Combatant's Bounty". Awaken the potential of a Battle For Azeroth PvP item, raising its item level to your current rank. 5 sec cast. Grants the Elite Dread Gladiator's wrist and waist appearances. 5 sec cast.
Empowering Item  Upgrade an item created from a Baleful token to item level 141. 3 sec cast. 143. 3 sec cast.
Gearspring Hopper New  Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Battle Pet. Instant.
Hadal's Nautilus  Your damaging spells have a chance to trigger a Waterspout at your target's location. The Waterspout erupts after 2 sec, dealing 2,236 Waterspouts around your target's location. The Waterspouts erupt after 2 sec, dealing 0 Nature damage divided evenly among enemies within 8 yards. Approximately 4 procs per minute.
Increase Item Level  Increases a Champion's item power level by 15 levels, up to level 188. Instant. 1.5 sec cooldown.
Increase Item Level  Increases a Champion's item power level by 10 levels, up to level 188. Instant. 1.5 sec cooldown.
Increase Item Level  Increases a Champion's item power level by 10 levels, up to level 168. Instant. 1.5 sec cooldown.
Increase Item Level  Increases a Champion's item power level by 5 levels, up to level 168. Instant. 1.5 sec cooldown.
Increase Item Level  Increases a Champion's item power level by 15 levels, up to level 168. Instant. 1.5 sec cooldown.
Increase Item Level  Increases a Champion's item power level by 5 levels, up to level 188. Instant. 1.5 sec cooldown.
Increase Level  Upgrade a follower's armor and weapon by 50 item levels. Instant. power levels. Instant.
Lingering Spore Pods  Your attacks and attacks made against you have a chance to trigger a spore spores to grow for 4 sec before bursting. When it bursts, it restores they burst, they restore 0 health to you and deals deal 0 damage split among enemies within 8 yds. Approximately 1.69 procs per minute.
Net-o-Matic 5000  Dismounts an enemy player from their flying mount. Can only be used while within War Mode. "The range is insane!" 100 yd range. 6 sec cast. 3 sec cast.
Relearn Herbalism Quests New  Re-learn any herbalism techniques that you learned via questing in Kul Tiras or Zandalar, but forgot after switching professions. Instant.
Relearn Mining Quests New  Re-learn any mining techniques that you learned via questing in Kul Tiras or Zandalar, but forgot after switching professions. Instant.
Relearn Skinning Quests New  Re-learn any skinning techniques that you learned via questing in Kul Tiras or Zandalar, but forgot after switching professions. Instant.
Scroll of Town Portal  Returns you to Ar'gorok. Can only be used when fighting in the Battle of Stromgarde. 5 sec cast. for Stromgarde. 5 sec cast.
Scroll of Town Portal  Returns you to Stromgarde. Can only be used when fighting in the Battle of Stromgarde. 5 sec cast. for Stromgarde. 5 sec cast.
Scroll of Unlocking New  Allows opening of locks that require up to 600 lockpicking skill. The scroll is consumed in the process. Melee range. 5 sec cast.
Set Item Level  Set a Champion's item power level to 925. Instant. 1.5 sec cooldown.
Set Item Level  Set a Champion's item power level to 900. Instant. 1.5 sec cooldown.
Set Item Level  Set a Champion's item power level to 850. Instant. 1.5 sec cooldown.
Set Item Level  Set a Champion's item power level to 950. Instant. 1.5 sec cooldown.
Slippy New  Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Battle Pet. Instant.
Teleporter Power Cell  Charge the teleportation pad on Garm's Rise for mass transport. 1 sec cast. 1.5 sec cast.
The Mantle of Command  Dire Beast Barbed Shot increases the damage done by your pets by 5% for 8 sec.
Thunderous Blast  Your damaging spells and abilities have Dealing damage has a chance to call down a Piercing Jolt Thunderous Blast, dealing 841 Nature damage to the enemy and increasing the critical strike damage of Thunderous Blast by 20%. Every 5th Blast automatically critically strikes, and resets this effect. At 100% increased damage, Thunderous Blast will critically hit and reset this effect. Vol'dun.
Webweaver's Soul Gem  Your damaging spells have a chance to summon a Volatile Shadeweaver, which creeps towards the target and explodes on contact, dealing 4,471 0 Shadow damage divided evenly among enemies within 8 yards. Approximately 2 procs per minute.
Whiskerwax Candle New  Put the candle on your head. Instant.




 Priest Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Holy

Angel's Mercy Rank 1  Name changed from "Times and Measures Rank 1" to "Angel's Mercy Rank 1". Damage you take has a chance to reset reduces the cooldown of Desperate Prayer, proportional to the magnitude of that damage.
Cosmic Ripple Rank 1  When Holy Word: Serenity or Holy Word: Sanctify finish their cooldown, you emit a burst of light that heals up to 5 injured targets for [ 50% of Spell Power ]. [ 40% of Spell Power ].




PvP Talent Changes
Any class
Tank role

Controlled Burn  Name changed from "Flare Up" to "Controlled Burn". Row 1, Column 1. Spell: Flare Up  Controlled Burn 
Ghoulish Monstrosity New  Row 1, Column 1. Spell: Ghoulish Monstrosity 
Heavy-Handed Strikes New  Row 1, Column 1. Spell: Heavy-Handed Strikes 




Talent Changes
Monk
Brewmaster

Bob and Weave  Name changed from "Healing Elixir" to "Bob and Weave". Row 5, Column 1. Spell: Healing Elixir  Bob and Weave 
Healing Elixir  Name changed from "Mystic Vitality" to "Healing Elixir". Row 5, Column 2. Spell: Mystic Vitality  Healing Elixir 


Mistweaver

Healing Elixir New  Row 5, Column 1. Spell: Healing Elixir 


Paladin
Protection

Crusader's Judgment  Name changed from "First Avenger" to "Crusader's Judgment". Row 2, Column 2. Spell: First Avenger  Crusader's Judgment 
First Avenger  Name changed from "Crusader's Judgment" to "First Avenger". Row 2, Column 1. Spell: Crusader's Judgment  First Avenger 


Priest
Discipline

Lenience  Row 7, Column 1. Spell: Lenience  Replaces: Power Word: Barrier  Power Word: Barrier 


Holy

Angel's Mercy  Name changed from "Body and Mind" to "Angel's Mercy". Row 2, Column 2. Spell: Body and Mind  Angel's Mercy 
Cosmic Ripple  Name changed from "Light of the Naaru" to "Cosmic Ripple". Row 3, Column 1. Spell: Light of the Naaru  Cosmic Ripple 
Light of the Naaru  Name changed from "Cosmic Ripple" to "Light of the Naaru". Row 7, Column 1. Spell: Cosmic Ripple  Light of the Naaru 


Multiple specs

Contrition  Name changed from "Orison" to "Contrition". Row 5, Column 2. Spell: Orison  Contrition 
Luminous Barrier  Row 7, Column 2. Spell: Luminous Barrier  Replaces: Power Word: Barrier 
Shadow Covenant  Name changed from "Contrition" to "Shadow Covenant". Row 5, Column 3. Spell: Contrition  Shadow Covenant 


Shadow

Dark Ascension  Name changed from "Void Torrent" to "Dark Ascension". Row 7, Column 2. Spell: Void Torrent  Dark Ascension 
Void Torrent  Name changed from "Coming Soon!" to "Void Torrent". Row 6, Column 3. Spell: Coming Soon!  Void Torrent 


Rogue
Assassination

Leeching Poison  Row 4, Column 1. Spell: Leeching Poison  Leeching Poison 


Subtlety

Secret Technique  Name changed from "Coming Soon" to "Secret Technique". Row 7, Column 2. Spell: Coming Soon  Secret Technique 


Shaman
Multiple specs

Echo of the Elements  Name changed from "Crashing Waves" to "Echo of the Elements". Row 2, Column 1. Spell: Crashing Waves  Echo of the Elements 


Restoration

Flash Flood  Name changed from "Echo of the Elements" to "Flash Flood". Row 6, Column 1. Spell: Echo of the Elements  Flash Flood 


Warrior
Fury

Bloodbath  Name changed from "Outburst" to "Bloodbath". Row 3, Column 2. Spell: Outburst  Bloodbath 
Furious Slash  Name changed from "Bloodbath" to "Furious Slash". Row 6, Column 3. Spell: Bloodbath  Furious Slash 
Meat Cleaver  Name changed from "Wrecking Ball" to "Meat Cleaver". Row 7, Column 1. Spell: Wrecking Ball  Meat Cleaver 
Wrecking Ball  Name changed from "Frenzy" to "Wrecking Ball". Row 6, Column 2. Spell: Frenzy  Wrecking Ball 




String Changes

ABILITY_INFO_DARKIRONDWARF1 New - - Removes harmful effects and empowers you.
ABILITY_INFO_DARKIRONDWARF2 New - - Move faster while indoors.
ABILITY_INFO_DARKIRONDWARF3 New - - Blacksmithing skill increased and crafts faster.
ABILITY_INFO_DARKIRONDWARF4 New - - Can summon a mole machine to transport through the earth.
ABILITY_INFO_DARKIRONDWARF5 New - - Takes less physical damage.
ABILITY_INFO_MAGHARORC1 New - - Invokes your ancestors, granting you their power.
ABILITY_INFO_MAGHARORC2 New - - Faster mount speed while outdoors.
ABILITY_INFO_MAGHARORC3 New - - Pet health increased.
ABILITY_INFO_MAGHARORC4 New - - Reduces the duration on all Poisons, Diseases, and Curses.
AZERITE_RESPEC_TUTORIAL_TEXT New - Drag a piece of Azerite gear here to reforge its powers.
COMMUNITIES_MEMBER_LIST_PROFESSION_DISPLAY New - [%d]
COMMUNITIES_ROSTER_COLUMN_TITLE_ACHIEVEMENT New - Achievement Points
COMMUNITIES_ROSTER_COLUMN_TITLE_PROFESSION New - Skill
CONFIRM_AZERITE_EMPOWERED_ITEM_RESPEC - Are The cost increases every time you reforge an item.\n\nAre you sure you wish to reforge %s for the following amount?
ERROR_COMMUNITIES_PROFANITY New - Can't use profanity.
GARRISON_FOLLOWER_BELOW_ITEM_LEVEL_TOOLTIP - This follower's item power level is below this mission's item power level. This follower will earn less XP and contribute less to success.
GARRISON_FOLLOWER_BELOW_LEVEL_MAX_XP_TOOLTIP - This follower's item power level is below this mission's item power level. This follower will contribute less to success.
GARRISON_FOLLOWER_ITEM_LEVEL - iLvl pLvl %d
GARRISON_MISSION_EXPECTED_ILVL - Expected iLvl %d Expected pLvl %d
GARRISON_MISSION_EXPECTED_ILVL_TOOLTIP - This mission has an expected iLvl. Followers with iLvls pLvl. Followers with pLvls lower than this will contribute less to mission success.
GUILLD_ROSTER_DROPDOWN_ACHIEVEMENT_POINTS New - Achievement Points
GUILLD_ROSTER_DROPDOWN_PROFESSION New - Profession
ISLANDS_QUEUE_WEEKLY_QUEST New - Weekly Quest
ISLANDS_QUEUE_WEEKLY_QUEST_PROGRESS New - %d/%d Azerite
ITEM_IS_NOT_AZERITE_EMPOWERED New - Item is not Azerite empowered
NOT_ENOUGH_GOLD_FOR_AZERITE_RESPEC New - Not enough gold.
RACE_INFO_DARKIRONDWARF - Known for their fiery tempers and fierce determination, Dark Iron dwarves have a turbulent history with the other clans. The Alliance seeks a united Dark Iron clan to harness the power of Azerite and aid their struggle against the Horde. the Dark Iron have a history of strife with the other dwarven clans--as well as their own kin. Queen-Regeant Moira seeks to unite her people and lead them in the fight to save Azeroth.
RACE_INFO_DARKIRONDWARF_FEMALE - Known for their fiery tempers and fierce determination, Dark Iron dwarves have a turbulent history with the other clans. The Alliance seeks a united Dark Iron clan to harness the power of Azerite and aid their struggle against the Horde. the Dark Iron have a history of strife with the other dwarven clans--as well as their own kin. Queen-Regeant Moira seeks to unite her people and lead them in the fight to save Azeroth.
RACE_INFO_MAGHARORC - For untold generations, the orc clans of Draenor battled one another in endless war. But when Gul'dan offered them the blood of his demonic masters, the disparate tribes of Mag'har--the orcish word for "uncorrupted"--refused the dark bargain and banded together to drive out the Burning Legion. The orc clans of Draenor never drank the demon blood that corrupted their distant kin. Proud and defiant, they stood united as one tribe--the Mag'har. With their unrelenting courage and fierce sense of honor, the Mag'har now fight to claim a new home on Azeroth.
RACE_INFO_MAGHARORC_FEMALE - For untold generations, the orc clans of Draenor battled one another in endless war. But when Gul'dan offered them the blood of his demonic masters, the disparate tribes of Mag'har--the orcish word for "uncorrupted"--refused the dark bargain and banded together to drive out the Burning Legion. The orc clans of Draenor never drank the demon blood that corrupted their distant kin. Proud and defiant, they stood united as one tribe--the Mag'har. With their unrelenting courage and fierce sense of honor, the Mag'har now fight to claim a new home on Azeroth.
SPELL_FAILED_GARRISON_FOLLOWER_MAX_ITEM_LEVEL - That follower's item power level exceeds the power of this spell.
SPELL_FAILED_GARRISON_FOLLOWER_MIN_ITEM_LEVEL - That follower's item power level is too low for the power of this spell.




Misc Changes
Character Titles

%s, the Alliance Slayer - Name changed from "%s, the Allliance Slayer / %s, the Alliance Slayer" to "%s, the Alliance Slayer".


Currency Types
Battle for Azeroth

Seafarer's Dubloon New - Currency used by the many varied tribes of the Great Sea. Used to procure items from traders on Island Expeditions.


Flight Masters
Kul Tiras

Stonefist Watch, Tiragarde Sound New - Horde only. Mount: NPC #68773 
Swiftwind Post, Drustvar - Name changed from "Fairwind Post, Drustvar" to "Swiftwind Post, Drustvar".


Zandalar

Mistvine Ledge, Zuldazar - Name changed from "The Slough, Zuldazar" to "Mistvine Ledge, Zuldazar".
Veiled Grotto, Zuldazar - Name changed from "The Golden Road, Zuldazar" to "Veiled Grotto, Zuldazar".
Vulture's Nest, Vol'dun - Name changed from "Crankchug's Overlook, Vol'dun" to "Vulture's Nest, Vol'dun".


Game Tips

Tip #234 - Tip: A mail icon next to the minimap means that you've got mail! Visit a mailbox to retrieve it. Level 10-110.
Tip #235 - Tip: You can add additional action bars to your game interface using the Interface menu. Level 20-80.


Item Name Descriptions

Aspirant - Name changed from "Aspiriant" to "Aspirant". Aspiriant [color=#00FF00] Aspirant
Warfront New - Warfront


Map Areas
Kul Tiras

Tiragarde Sound > The Wayward Cask New - Pet battle levels: 25-25.
Tiragarde Sound > Tiragarde Sound New


Mugambala

Mugambala - Music: DGN_80_CityofGold_Grand.


Zandalar

Vol'dun > Heyman's Hideaway - Name changed from "South Seas > Heyman's Hideaway" to "Vol'dun > Heyman's Hideaway".


Maps
Battle for Azeroth

Hook Point - Directory: KulTirasArena. Type: Arena. Time is always 0:00am. 9:00pm.


Mounts
Ground Mounts

Broken Highland Mustang - Ground Mount. Broken Highland Mustang  "One of the Arathi horses, taken and broken by the Horde conquerers conquerors of Stromgarde." Source: Drop: Knight-Captain Aldrin Zone: Arathi Highlands


Scenarios
Blackrock Depths

08: Hammer to the Anvil - Return to the Black Anvil. Meet the Dark Iron dwarves back at the Black Anvil.


Broken Shore - Alliance

01: DNT - The Broken Shore A3 - Name changed from "01: The Broken Shore A" to "01: DNT - The Broken Shore A3".


Firelands

02: Cult of Ragnaros - Deal with the cultists and their fiery allies. Defeat the cultists and their allies.
03: Grimstone - Name changed from "03: High-Justice Grimstone" to "03: Grimstone".


Tyranny of the Light

06: Orders from Grommash - Name changed from "06: Await Orders from Grommash" to "06: Orders from Grommash".


World Safe Locations
Unknown

8.0 Arathi Highlands, Ar'gorok H New
8.0 Arathi Highlands, Eastern Road New
8.0 Arathi Highlands, Highperch New
8.0 Arathi Highlands, Stromgarde A New
8.0 Arathi Highlands, Western Graveyard New