chaud2018-12-20, 05:53 PMBlizzard Retiring Three Shop Pets, Mounts, and Helms
Lil’ XT , Cenarion Hatchling , Moonkin Hatchling , Grinning Reaver , Armored Bloodwing , Swift Windsteed , Crown of Eternal Winter , the fiery Jewel of the Firelord , and the demonic Hood of Hungering Darkness  are all being retired on January 6, 2019.


  

Go big. Save bigger.

This limited-time bundle includes all pets, mounts, and helms that are about to enter hibernation in the Blizzard Archive on January 6, 2019. Get them all now, in one fell swoop, before it’s too late!*

Items in the See You Later Bundle will enter hibernation on January 6, 2019 and will no longer be available in the Blizzard® Shop or in-game shop until further notice. These items may return at some point in the future.

This is a dynamic bundle, which means the bundle’s total price will be reduced if you already own one or more of the items this bundle contains. Log in to see your price. 


50% off Most Pets and Mounts
The yearly sale that discounts all but the newest shop mounts and pets is now live! 


  

Whether you’re buying a gift for a friend or a gift for yourself, there’s no better time to spread the joy of the holiday.

Give the Gift of World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth This Season
Bring your friends along for an adventure in Azeroth with the gift of World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth—now $20 off for a limited time!

Standard Edition  $29.99 Reg. $49.99
Digital Deluxe Edition  $49.99 Reg. $69.99
Complete Collection Standard Edition  $39.99 Reg. $59.99
Complete Collection Digital Deluxe  $59.99 Reg. $79.99

It’s easier than ever to make landfall in Kul Tiras and Zandalar to join the battle between the Horde and Alliance.


<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

50% Off on Select Pets, Mounts, and Helms

Select World of Warcraft mounts and pets are now on sale for 50% off, and cosmetic helms are just $5 oops—that’s 66% off! through January 6, 2019.

You can adopt or gift a pet, mount or helm in the in-game shop or in the Blizzard Shop  today!

Save More With the See You Later Bundle
We’re sending nine of our Blizzard Shop and in-game store items into hibernation* on January 6, 2019—but before they go, you can purchase a limited-time bundle and save even more!**

What’s Inside

3 Charming Companions
Bring Lil’ XT, Moonkin Hatchling both Horde and Alliance version, and Cenarion Hatchling home to your collection.

3 Magical Mounts
Let the Grinning Reaver, Armored Bloodwing, and Swift Windsteed carry you into the heart of adventure wherever you go in Azeroth.

3 Imposing Helms
Add something extra to your transmog style with the icy Crown of Eternal Winter, the fiery Jewel of the Firelord, and the demonic Hood of Hungering Darkness.

*Items in the See You Later Bundle may return to the Blizzard Shop and in-game shop at some point in the future.

**The See You Later Bundle’s total price will be reduced if you already own one or more of the items this bundle contains.

Learn more about these pets, mounts, and helms in the Blizzard Shop or in-game shop.

Offers valid until January 6, 2019.