Stoy2019-01-08, 05:32 AMPatch 8.1 Hotfixes - January 7
Classes

 Hunter Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Heart of Azeroth

Fixed an issue where multiple Hunters could not stack Latent Poison onto the same target.

Beast Mastery

Dire Beast will no longer incorrectly summon two beasts at a time in certain zones.

Survival

Fixed an issue where multiple Survival Hunters could not have Internal Bleeding from Wildfire Infusion on the same target at the same time.


 Shaman Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Enhancement

Using Sundering will now correctly remove Ghost Wolf.




Dungeons and Raids

Temple of Sethraliss

Adderis no longer changes facing while casting Cyclone Strike.

Tol Dagor

Overseer Korgus’s Heavy Cannons’ Massive Blast damage now properly increases with increased dungeon difficulty. Base damage decreased by 25%.

Tomb of Sargeras

The Gates of Hell Wing no longer requires a minimum number of players on Raid Finder difficulty.

Uldir

G'Huun

Malignant Growth can no longer be spell reflected.
G'huun's health reduced by 5% on all difficulties.




Items

Mistletoe now requires the Feast of Winter Veil and is cleared from players’ bags after the holiday ends.

Developers’ note: We like fun holiday buffs adding flavor to the game and we don’t want to prevent them from being used in raids and dungeons. We also don’t like unusable items taking up inventory space the rest of the year. We expect to make future holiday buff items follow the same pattern.



Player versus Player

Fixed an issue that allowed players to drop the Temple of Kotmogu orbs by using specific mounts.
Resolved an issue that caused Call to Arms to not count battleground victories at level 120.
Secret Supply Chests are now lootable once per factional assault.
 Druid Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Restoration

Nourish PvP Talent and Mark of the Wild PvP Talent are now properly affected by Astral Influence.


 Priest Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Shadow

Fixed an issue that caused Mind Bomb to ignore diminishing returns.


 Shaman Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Counterstrike Totem PvP Talent will no longer aggro nearby critters when cast.




Professions

The achievements Working as a Team and Working Better as a Team should now properly display which professions have met the criteria of the achievement.
Mass prospecting recipes should now be available on the Jewelcrafting trainers for Battle for Azeroth ores.


Toys

Bewitching Tea Set now has a 15-minute cooldown.
Rhan’ka’s Escape Plan is no longer usable in Mythic keystone dungeons, raids, or rated PvP areas.


World Quests

Fixed a bug that caused Doomrider Helgrim to sometimes not respawn appropriately.