chaud2018-12-23, 11:05 AMReap the Bounty in Tides of Vengeance
There’s a bounty of new mounts, pets, toys, and gear available in Tides of Vengeance. We’ve rounded up a selection of what’s available to help you formulate a plan of action.

Mounts


 

Pictured — Green Marsh Hopper 

Gold
We hope you’ve a stash of gold at hand, because you’ll need it to purchase the new Marsh Hopper.
Vendor Gottum in Nazmir will want 333,333 gold for each variation of this new mount which comes in blue, green, and yellow.

Darkshore Warfront

Ashenvale Chimaera  Drop Alash'anir 
Ashenvale chimaeras were used frequently by the Kaldorei to decimate structures in battles against the humans, orcs, and undead.
Blackpaw  Drop Agathe Wyrmwood 
Blackpaw was just hibernating, minding his own business, and then suddenly there was a warfront.
Kaldorei Nightsaber  Drop Croz Bloodrage 
The connection between a nightsaber and its hunter or huntress is nearly inseparable.
Umber Nightsaber  Drop Moxo the Beheader 
Nightsabers are an integral part of the Kaldorei’s army, serving as both mount and assault weapon in one.


Warfront Service Medals

Azureshell Krolusk  Vendor Provisioner Stoutforge  — 200 7th Legion Service Medals 
Captured from the desolate sands of Vol’dun, this mount is surprisingly docile in captivity.
Bloodthirsty Dreadwing  Vendor Provisioner Mukra  — 750 Honorbound Service Medal 
The forsaken prefer the use of these bloodthirsty hunters, both for their speed as a mount, and the psychological effect they have on their enemies.
Priestess' Moonsaber  Vendor Provisioner Stoutforge  — 750 7th Legion Service Medals 
Once these elegant cats were only given to high-ranking priestesses of Elune, but now they ride into battle with all manner of champion, in the service of vengeance.
Rubyshell Krolusk  Vendor Provisioner Mukra  — 200 Honorbound Service Medal 
Captured from the desolate sands of Vol’dun, this mount is surprisingly docile in captivity.


Island Expeditions

Bloodgorged Hunter  Drop
If he wasn’t so full, you wouldn’t have caught him.
Island Thunderscale  Drop
One of the larger native dragon species on Azeroth, this subspecies subsists almost entirely on fish. And fishermen.
Risen Mare  Drop 
Something terrible happened in the lost town of Havenswood.
Saltwater Seahorse  Vendors Captain Klarisa  Zen'taga  — 500 Seafarer's Dubloon 
These giant seahorses are naturally curious and are often found exploring sunken ship wreckage for shiny things.
Siltwing Albatross  Vendors Captain Klarisa  Zen'taga  — 1000 Seafarer's Dubloon 
One of the rarest of birds seen on the islands of the Great Sea, and a prized possession amongst traders, if they can capture it.
Stonehide Elderhorn  Drop
Stonehide elderhorns, one of the few types of moose to inhabit island climates, have thinner fur than most elderhorns.


New Secret Mount!


 

The Hivemind

Drop: The Hivemind 
A true union of the minds.

Newly discovered by the WoW Secret Finding community—check back after the new year for our insights on this new secret mount and visit Warcraft Secrets  or Wowhead to get started on the path to adding this new mindbending mount to your collection.


Pets

Darkshore Warfront

Trecker  Vendor Provisioner Stoutforge  — 100 7th Legion Service Medal 
One of the earliest recorded victories in a large battle on Zandalar depicted mighty warriors riding into battle on armored raptors. The legend has it that the warrior did not choose their raptor, but that the raptor would choose the warrior.
Tanzil  Vendor Provisioner Mukra  — 100 Honorbound Service Medal 
During certain times of the day, the sunlight can cause a reflection on the feathers of the red-tinted raptors causing them to look more like flames than feathers.
Void Jelly  Drop Soggoth the Slitherer 
This jelly has seen better days. Now it sees through fifty different eyes.
Zur'aj the Depleted  Drop Twilight Prophet Graeme 
Once a mighty warrior of the n’raqi, Zur’aj’s power was stolen and absorbed by an unknown rival.


Island Expeditions

Albino Duskwatcher  Vendors Captain Klarisa/Captain Zen'taga — 200 Seafarer’s Dubloons 
Albino ravens are incredibly rare and highly prized amongst the traders of the Great Sea.
Baby Stonehide  Drop
The playful kicks of these baby moose are enough to knock an orc flat on his back.
Crimson Octopode  Vendors Captain Klarisa/Captain Zen'taga — 100 Seafarer’s Dubloons
The crimson species of Octopode grows larger and hardier than others, and is capable of sustaining crushing pressure in the depths.
Firesting Buzzer  Drop 
Firesting wasps are said to have one of the worst bites of any wasp species, causing a pain like a burning blaze.
Leatherwing Screecher  Drop 
We don’t know much about this species, but we do know this: bats aren’t bugs.
Needleback Pup  Drop 
The needleback porcupines have survived life in island climates by evolving to be extra lucky.
Rotting Ghoul  Drop 
Get it while it lasts.
Scritches  Drop 
Key activities include: rolling over, sunning self, whimpering for belly scratches, and enjoying belly scratches.
Shadefeather Hatchling  Drop 
Though barely a hatchling, its claws are already sharp enough to pierce the flesh of many smaller critters.
Thunderscale Whelpling  Drop 
These whelps are frequently captured by the denizens of Jorundall when still young and trainable.
Tonguelasher  Drop
It has one solution to all of its problems: give em’ a lashing.
Lord Woofington  Drop 
Lord Woofington was given his title after the rest of the denizens of Havenswood succumbed to madness.



Toys


 

Pictured–Gnarlwood Toy and Cranky Crab Toy

Darkshore Warfront

Dark Ranger's Spare Cowl  — Horde Quest Reward
Change your appearance to look like a Dark Ranger.
Brynja's Beacon  — Horde Quest Reward
Beseech Brynja from death to serve as your spirit healer for 1 day.


Warfronts Service Medals

Narassin's Soul Gem  Drop Athrikus Narassin 
Trap the target’s soul inside Narassin’s Soul Gem.
Detoxified Blight Grenade  Drop Gren Tornfur 
Throws a Detoxified Blight Grenade at the target, covering them in Detoxified Blight.
Twiddle Twirler: Sentinel's Glaive  Drop Commander Ral'esh 
This doesn’t seem safe…
Twiddle Twirler: Shredder Blade  Drop Sapper Odette  or Burninator Mark V  
Watch your fingers!
Highborne Memento  Drop Commander Drald  or Thelar Moonstrike 
Allow yourself to be possessed by a Highborne spirit.


Island Expeditions

Cranky Crab  Vendors Captain Klarisa/Captain Zen'taga — 200 Seafarer’s Dubloons
Summons a very cranky crab for your battle pet to ride on.
Gnarlwood Waveboard  Vendors Captain Klarisa/Captain Zen'taga — 500 Seafarer’s Dubloons
Allows you to surf across water. “Gnarlwood tends to grow in a tubular fashion.”
Hand Anchor  Vendors Captain Klarisa/Captain Zen'taga — 150 Seafarer’s Dubloon
Use the anchor as a weapon.


Reputations

Azerite Firework Launcher  Drop — Champions of Azeroth Supplies Paragon 
Launch unstable Azerite skyward in a dazzling display.
Bewitching Tea Set  Drop — Order of Embers Supplies Paragon 
Lay out a bewitching tea party for your friends.
Bowl of Glowing Pufferfish  Drop — Tortollan Seekers Supplies Paragon 
Lay out a bowl of glowing pufferfish.
For da Blood God!  Drop —Talanji’s Expedition Supplies Paragon 
It lives when it spills. Your life for da blood.
Goldtusk Inn Breakfast Buffet  Drop — Voldunai Supplies Paragon
Lay out a breakfast buffet fit for a king, de best de Goldtusk Inn has to offer. 
Kojo's Master Matching Set  Drop — Tortollan Seekers Supplies Paragon
Play a round of Kojo’s expanded shell game.
Meerah's Jukebox  Drop — Voldunai Supplies Paragon 
Set up a rickety jukebox featuring Meerah’s greatest hit!
Proudmoore Music Box  Drop —Proudmoore Admiralty Supplies Paragon 
Places an ornately crafted wind up music box bearing the Proudmoore crest.
Rallying War Banner  Drop 7th Legion Supplies or Honorbound Supplies Paragon
Plant a war banner and rally nearby troops!
Warbeast Kraal Dinner Bell  Drop — Zandalari Empire Supplies Paragon
Feed a fallen ally to ravasaurs.



New Gear and Customizations

Island Expeditions


Transmog: Red Tricorne Hat  Vendors Captain Klarisa/Captain Zen'taga — 100 Seafarer’s Dubloons
Suitable for transmogrification and fashionable seafaring.
Transmog: Grey Tricorne Hat  Vendors Captain Klarisa/Captain Zen'taga — 100 Seafarer’s Dubloons
Suitable for transmogrification and fashionable seafaring.
Transmog: Blue Tricorne Hat  Vendors Captain Klarisa/Captain Zen'taga — 100 Seafarer’s Dubloons
Suitable for transmogrification and fashionable seafaring.


Darkshore Warfront


 

Pictured — Alliance Darkshore Warfront Armor Sets


 

Pictured – Horde Darkshore Warfront Armor Sets

Warfronts Service Medals


War-Torn Royal Blue Cloak  Vendor Provisioner Stoutforge — 50 7th Legion Service Medals
The torn cloak of a fallen warrior, worn as a symbol of remembrance. Suitable for transmogrification.
Royal Blue Cloak  Vendor Provisioner Stoutforge — 125 7th Legion Service Medals
A well-made cloak worn by battle commanders. Suitable for transmogrification.
War-Torn Crimson Cloak  Vendor Provisioner Mukra — 50 Honorbound Service Medals
The torn cloak of a fallen warrior, worn as a symbol of remembrance. Suitable for transmogrification.
Fine Crimson Cloak  Vendor Provisioner Mukra — 125 Honorbound Service Medals
A well-made cloak worn by battle commanders. Suitable for transmogrification.


Quest

Night Warrior Night Elf Customizations


 

Pictured — Male and Female Night Elf Customizations

Alliance players who complete Tyrande’s Ascension questline in Darkshore and earn the achievement “In Teldrassil's Shadow ” will unlock the new Night Warrior customization options available to night elves. These can be accessed with a night elf in character creation or in the Barber Shop.

Dwarf and Blood Elf Heritage Armor

Players with maximum-level 120 blood elves or dwarves who are Exalted with their faction Silvermoon City or Ironforge respectively are able to embark on a new quest line for each race to learn more about their history. Once you complete your quest, you’ll gain a new Heritage Armor transmog set unique to your race and be able to show off your pride.


 

Pictured — Dwarf Heritage Armor


 

Pictured — Blood Elf Heritage Armor


Eurogamer Article - 100 Blizzard Customer Service Employees Exit
Eurogamer has posted an article  shedding light on the over 100 European customer service employees in the Cork, Ireland office who have accepted a voluntary compensation sum in order to leave the company by the end of the year and pursue other career options. They have assured players that this will not impact their European customer service operations. Click the banner below to read the Eurogamer article and learn more.


  


Dark Legacy Comics #659 - Blood in the Water
DLC #659  has been released!


 