chaud2019-01-24, 03:41 AMPatch 8.1 Hotfixes - January 23, 2019
Dungeons and Raids

Battle of Dazar’alor

The achievement Can I Get a Hek Hek Hek Yeah?  now requires all members of the raid click on the Mysterious Trashpile before the fight starts to receive Jani's Favor, and then complete the existing criteria for the achievement.
Fixed a bug that prevented some players from receiving the achievement The Hidden Dragon on Normal difficulty.
Fixed an issue that sometimes caused Arcane Torrent to remain available when changing factions.



Items

Emissary armor, weapon caches, and rewards from faction assaults now reward the item by loot specialization. These were previously rewarded by class.


Player versus Player

Sinister Gladiator's Safeguard ’s shield now has a duration of 6 seconds was 10 seconds, and can now be dispelled.
Dread/Sinister Gladiator's Emblem  now has a duration of 20 seconds was 15 seconds.
Sinister Gladiator's Maledict ’s heal absorption can now be dispelled.
Xalzaix's Veiled Eye ’s shield can now be dispelled.

Developers’ note: With the start of Battle for Azeroth Season 2, we introduced two new trinkets that are acquired via PvP, Sinister Gladiator’s Maledict and Sinister Gladiator’s Safeguard. In agreement with feedback we’ve been receiving, we’ve made a few changes to these items so that they provide more of an opportunity for counterplay when encountering enemy teams using these trinkets. We’ll continue to keep an eye on the strength of these trinkets as the season progresses.



Professions

Season 2 crafted Engineering goggles should now refund Tidalcores or Breath of Bwonsamdi and Expulsom when scrapped.


Quests

Fixed an issue where Alliance players who had faction transferred to Horde could not see Nathanos in Dalaran to accept "The Warchief Beckons".
Nazgrim is once again available in Grommash Hold in Orgrimmar for Horde players on the questing experience to unlock Pandaria.


World Quests

Faction Assault World Quests now properly give credit for the Weekly Quest "The World Awaits".
Pets should now summon and path correctly on Airships during Faction Assaults.