Osiris2019-07-02, 06:53 PMHotfixes: July 2, 2019
Brawler’s Guild

Stitches' Aura of Rot stacks again fall off when players leave the affected area.


Classes


Rage is limited to a maximum of 25 at the start of a raid encounter.
 Rogue Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Resolved an issue that prevented Sap  from breaking when specific spells were cast on affected targets such as Concentrated Flame Essence 
The debuff from Crucible of Flame Essence  no longer removes Rogues from stealth.




Companions


Players now retain the buffs provided by Neri Sharpfin if they log out and back in during its duration.


Creatures and NPCs


Increased the health scaling and base health of all the lowest-health rare spawns in Nazjatar and Mechagon.

Developers’ note: With this change more players will have a chance to engage these rare spawns before they are eliminated.


Vengeful Highborne’s fear ability channel reduced to 3 seconds was 4 seconds and its duration reduced to 4 seconds was 5 seconds.
Flight Master Gizzik Kelpears now defends against hostile creatures.
Reduced the spawn chance for Enforcer KX-T57.
The Dopple Gang now spawns when players use the item Pressure Relief Valve 
Shirakess Overseer no longer spawns inside rocks.
Rolly Gulper is no longer immune to area-of-effect abilities.
Lord Hydraxis is now more powerful.


Dungeons and Raids


Terrance of Endless Spring


Tsulong now respawns after a soft reset of the instance being inactive for 30 minutes.




Items


Heart of Azeroth


Resolved an issue that caused Memory of Lucid Dreams Essence  to break the user’s stealth when refunding resources.
Memory of Lucid Dreams’ Essence  Major Power now correctly lasts the full duration for Fire Mages, Frost Mages, and Protection Paladins.

Developers’ note: The Minor Power on Memory of Lucid Dreams has a custom implementation for Fire Mages and how it interacts with Fire Blast charges. However, this wound up being too strong relative to other Essences’ Minor Powers. As such we’re reducing its proc rate by 33% for Fire Mages, which should keep this as a very strong option to use in the Minor Slot, but much closer to the potency of other Minor Powers.


Crucible of Flames’ Essence  Minor Power no longer procs when casting abilities that apply crowd control to a target.
Fixed a bug preventing Purification Protocol's Essence  Minor Power from correctly generating threat when damaging enemies.
The damage and healing granted from Omnipotence Azerite Trait  now resets at the beginning of encounters and Arena matches.


Fixed a bug that caused the Highborne Compendium of Sundering’s  proc chance to increase if an allied player also had the trinket equipped.
Prismatic Crystals [ now stack to 200.
Shaman can now activate Anti-Gravity Packs  in Ghost Wolf  form.
Benthic gear now displays the correct amount of Prismatic Manapearls needed for upgrades.
The Volatile Blaster  now can be used by Druids in Cat or Bear form.
Harbinger’s Inscrutable Will  now pacifies enemies struck by its projectile effect was a silence.
Druids can use Anti-Gravity Packs  in all shapeshift forms, except Travel Form. Flap those wings, Moonkin!


Player versus Player


The "Battle for Nazjatar"  event is now active when there are similar numbers of players from both factions with War Mode activated in Nazjatar. When that is not the case, "Azshara's Elite Commanders" —a new event—becomes active and also rewards Battle for Nazjatar Commendations.
The "Battle for Nazjatar" no longer ends prematurely.
Fixed an issue that prevented Horde players who participated in Battle for Nazjatar from receiving rewards if they died when it ended.
Kronus’ and Fangraal's health and damage have been increased in the Ashran Epic Battleground.
Resolved an issue that could cause players in Dalaran Sewers to be teleported to the center of the Arena.
Players now receive Nazjatar Battle Commendations from War Supply Chests earned in Nazjatar.
Shadow Sight Orbs now spawn within the Robodrome Arena.
The power coils have powered-up, and are now ready to zap shy arena players within the Robodrome starting area who linger too long.
Fixed an issue that caused Rogues to die when casting Death from Above while participating in a Black Rook Hold Arena match.


Quests


Players can again complete "Sliding with Style".
Enemy players can no longer kill the opposing faction’s NPCs necessary to complete "The Missing Crew".
Fixed an issue preventing players from turning in "They Made Their Choice".
Pet Battle quests now give credit towards "Rustbolt Rebellion".
Fixed an issue that caused the “Runelocked Chest” play area to clip into a nearby wall.
Fixed an issue causing players to become unable to complete the quest, "Saving Corin."
The user interface now always displays available quests for followers.
Players again receive credit toward “Bounty: Dangerous Creatures” for eliminating rare spawns.
The criteria for “Bounty: Dangerous Creatures” has been reduced to 1 rare spawn was 3 rare spawns.
World Quest targets in Nazjatar no longer display a silver dragon portrait, but instead show up as quest bosses or elite quest bosses.


Toys


The Pearl of Abyss  can now be obtained.
Flopping Fish  is now much more kickable.


Warfronts


Addressed an issue that caused Wood and Iron resources looted from creatures to be less common.


World


Alliance players can no longer rest in the Horde Outpost Ekka's Hideaway.
Players who die in the Great Sea off the coast of Mechagon are no longer teleported to the Whitegrove Chapel graveyard.