chaud2019-05-15, 08:50 PMPatch 8.2 PTR - Build 30430
Build 30430 will be deployed to the PTR realms soon.

Achievement Changes
Ashran
Player vs. Player

Ashran Victory  Kill the opposing faction Commander while controlling all points on the Road of Glory.10 points.
Bounty Hunter  Loot all the following off Alliance player corpses:10 points.
Bounty Hunter  Loot all the following off Horde player corpses:10 points.
Divide and Conquer  Kill 5000 enemy players anywhere outside the Road of Glory within Ashran.10 points.
Down Goes Van Rook  Kill Elliott Van Rook before he remembers how to use Ice Block.10 points.
Grand Theft, 1st Degree  Loot 100 Artifact Fragments from enemy players.10 points.
Grand Theft, 2nd Degree  Loot 500 Artifact Fragments from enemy players.10 points.
Grand Theft, 3rd Degree  Loot 1000 Artifact Fragments from enemy players.10 points.
High-value Targets  Defeat all of the creatures within Ashran listed below.10 points.
Just for Me  Activate a Class Specific Book Epic Item found within Ashran.10 points.
Operation Counterattack  Defeat Kronus within 8 minutes of it being summoned by the Horde.10 points.
Operation Counterattack  Defeat Fangraal within 8 minutes of it being summoned by the Alliance.10 points.
Rescue Operation  Release the following captured prisoners from the Horde Prison:10 points.
Rescue Operation  Release the following captured prisoners from the Alliance Prison:10 points.
Take Them Out  Defeat all of the Alliance Captains listed below within The Road of Glory.10 points.
Take Them Out  Defeat all of the Horde Captains listed below within The Road of Glory.10 points.
Thy Kingdom Come  Win Kor'lok's favor for your faction by defeating his bodyguard, Muk'Mar Raz.10 points.
Thy Kingdom Come  Win Kor'lok's favor for your faction by defeating his bodyguard, Gaul Dun Firok.10 points.
Tour of Duty  Complete each PvP Event at the following areas listed below.10 points.
Vol'jin's Spear  Earn Exalted status with Vol'jin's Spear.10 points.
Wrynn's Vanguard  Earn Exalted status with Wrynn's Vanguard.10 points.


Battle
Pet Battles

Malowned New  Defeat Postmaster Malown in a pet battle. Reward: Burnout. Account Wide.


Battle Dungeon
Dungeons & Raids

M.C., Hammered New  Defeat the Tussle Tonks in Operation: Mechagon after Deuce Mecha-Buffer has been hit with a Piston Smasher on Mythic Difficulty. 10 points.


Battle for Azeroth
Exploration

A Fistful of Manapearls  Collect 1,000 Prismatic Manapearls.10 points.
Aqua Team Murder Force New  Complete the Nazjatar achievements listed below. 10 points.
Aqua Team Murder Force New  Complete the Nazjatar achievements listed below. 10 points.
Back to the Depths! New  Complete the Summons from the Depths scenario 10 times. 10 points.
Battle-Scarred: Bladesman Inowari New  Adventure with Bladesman Inowari until they reach Rank 30. 5 points.
Battle-Scarred: Farseer Ori New  Adventure with Bladesman Inowari until they reach Rank 30. 5 points.
Battle-Scarred: Hunter Akana New  Adventure with Hunter Akana until they reach Rank 20. 5 points.
Battle-Scarred: Neri Sharpfin New  Adventure with Neri Sharpfin until they reach Rank 30. 5 points.
Battle-Scarred: Poen Gillbrack New  Adventure with Poen Gillbrack until they reach Rank 20. 5 points.
Battle-Scarred: Vim Brineheart New  Adventure with Vim Brineheart until they reach Rank 30. 5 points.
Deep Pockets  Contribute to construction projects in Mechagon 500 times. 10 points. 250 times. 10 points.
Explore Mechagon New  Explore Mechagon, revealing the covered area of the world map.
Head Financier of Mechagon  Contribute to construction projects in Mechagon 5,000 times. 10 points. 1,000 times. 10 points.
Mecha-Done  Complete the Mechagon achievements listed below. Reward: Keys to the Model W.20 points.
Mrrl's Secret Stash  Name changed from "Mrrl's Dark Secret" to "Mrrl's Secret Stash". Obtain one of Mrrl's more elusive wares.5 points.
Nautical Battlefield Training  Assist each of your allies in Nazjatar to level 10. 10 points. Complete the Nazjatar achievements listed below. 10 points.
Nautical Battlefield Training  Assist each of your allies in Nazjatar to level 10. 10 points. Complete the Nazjatar achievements listed below. 10 points.
Nothing To Scry About  Find 100 treasures using a Scrying Stone in Nazjatar. 10 points. 5 points.
Outside Influences  Complete all quests from the visitors in Mechagon.10 points.
Puzzle Performer New  Complete all of Mardivas' puzzles listed below. 10 points.
Seasoned: Bladesman Inowari New  Adventure with Bladesman Inowari until they reach Rank 10. 5 points.
Seasoned: Farseer Ori New  Adventure with Bladesman Inowari until they reach Rank 10. 5 points.
Seasoned: Hunter Akana New  Adventure with Hunter Akana until they reach Rank 10. 5 points.
Seasoned: Neri Sharpfin New  Adventure with Neri Sharpfin until they reach Rank 10. 5 points.
Seasoned: Poen Gillbrack New  Adventure with Poen Gillbrack until they reach Rank 10. 5 points.
Seasoned: Vim Brineheart New  Adventure with Vim Brineheart until they reach Rank 10. 5 points.
Subaquatic Support New  Complete 30 Requisition or Bounty daily quests in Nazjatar. 10 points.
Terror of the Tadpoles New  Shoo away 100 Bloodfin Tadpoles in Nazjatar. 5 points.
Undersea Usurper  Complete the Nazjatar achievements listed below.Title Reward: Of The Deeps. 20 points.
Veteran: Bladesman Inowari New  Adventure with Bladesman Inowari until they reach Rank 20. 5 points.
Veteran: Farseer Ori New  Adventure with Bladesman Inowari until they reach Rank 20. 5 points.
Veteran: Hunter Akana New  Adventure with Hunter Akana until they reach Rank 20. 5 points.
Veteran: Neri Sharpfin New  Adventure with Neri Sharpfin until they reach Rank 20. 5 points.
Veteran: Poen Gillbrack New  Adventure with Poen Gillbrack until they reach Rank 20. 5 points.
Veteran: Vim Brineheart New  Adventure with Vim Brineheart until they reach Rank 20. 5 points.


Quests

<Hidden> Nazjatar - Completed Quest 1 of Week 3 - Alliance DNT New  Account Wide.
<Hidden> Nazjatar - Completed Quest 1 of Week 3 - Horde DNT New  Account Wide.
Armed for Action New  Construct each of the following weapons with Rocket-Chief Fuselage. 5 points.
Making the Mount New  Complete the Mechaspider questline. 5 points.


Reputation

The Ankoan  Earn Revered Earn Exalted Status with the Ankoan. 5 points.
The Unshackled  Earn Revered Earn Exalted Status with the Unshackled. 5 points.


Battle Raid
Dungeons & Raids

A Smack of Jellyfish New  Defeat Orgozoa in the Hatchery in The Eternal Palace after incubating a baby Zoatroid on Normal Difficulty or higher. 10 points.
Fun Run New  Defeat Radiance of Azshara in The Eternal Palace after running 8 consecutive complete laps around her arena on Normal difficulty on higher. 10 points.
If It Please the Court  Name changed from "If it Pleases the Court" to "If It Please the Court".
Mythic: Abyssal Commander Sivara New  Defeat Abyssal Commander Sivara in The Eternal Palace on Mythic difficulty. 10 points.
Mythic: Blackwater Behemoth New  Defeat Blackwater Behemoth in The Eternal Palace on Mythic difficulty. 10 points.
Mythic: Lady Ashvane New  Defeat Lady Ashvane in The Eternal Palace on Mythic difficulty. 10 points.
Mythic: Orgozoa New  Defeat Orgozoa in The Eternal Palace on Mythic difficulty. 10 points.
Mythic: Queen Azshara New  Defeat Queen Azshara in The Eternal Palace on Mythic difficulty. Title Reward: The Eternal. 10 points.
Mythic: Queen Azshara Guild Run New  Defeat Queen Azshara in The Eternal Palace on Mythic difficulty while in a guild group. 10 points.
Mythic: Radiance of Azshara New  Defeat Radiance of Azshara in The Eternal Palace on Mythic difficulty. 10 points.
Mythic: The Queen's Court New  Defeat The Queen's Court in The Eternal Palace on Mythic difficulty. 10 points.
Mythic: Za'qul New  Defeat Za'qul in The Eternal Palace on Mythic difficulty. 10 points.
The Best of Us New  Defeat Queen Azshara in The Eternal Palace with one player still alive who is currently affected by Essence of Azeroth on Normal difficulty or higher. 10 points.
The Circle of Stars New  Defeat the following Bosses in The Eternal Palace. 10 points.
The Eternal Palace Guild Run New  Defeat the bosses The Eternal Palace on Normal difficulty or higher, while in a guild group. 10 points.


Dungeons
Feats of Strength

Battle for Azeroth Keystone Conqueror: Season Three New  Complete all Battle for Azeroth Season Three dungeons at Mythic Level 10 or higher, within the time limit.
Battle for Azeroth Keystone Master: Season Three New  Complete all Battle for Azeroth Season Three dungeons at Mythic Level 15 or higher, within the time limit.
Hertz Locker New  Within a single lockout, defeat all bosses in Operation: Mechagon and prevent the destruction of all non-robotic life on Azeroth without any player dying on Mythic difficulty.


Dungeons & Raids

Glory of the Palace Raider  Complete the Eternal Palace raid achievements listed below. 25 points. Account Wide. Mount Reward: Azshari Bloatray. 25 points. Account Wide.


Feats of Strength

Phenomenal Cosmic Power New  Infuse the Heart of Azeroth with all available Essences for any role at rank 4. Title Reward: Azeroth's Champion.


Guild Feats of Strength
Guild

Hall of Fame: Queen Azshara Alliance New  Among the first one hundred Alliance guilds worldwide to defeat Queen Azshara on Mythic difficulty. Title Reward: Famed Slayer of Azshara.
Hall of Fame: Queen Azshara Horde New  Among the first one hundred Horde guilds worldwide to defeat Queen Azshara on Mythic difficulty. Title Reward: Famed Slayer of Azshara.


Heart of Azeroth
Expansion Features

Essence Essentials New  Infuse the Heart of Azeroth with all available Essences for any of your roles. 10 points.
Essence Gains New  Infuse the Heart of Azeroth with all available Essences at rank 2 or higher for any of your roles. 10 points.
Essence Overload New  Infuse the Heart of Azeroth with all available Essences at rank 3 or higher for any of your roles. 10 points.
New Tier Three New  Apply an Essence of rank 3 or higher into every slot of the Heart of Azeroth.
Power Creep New  Infuse the Heart of Azeroth with any Heart of Azeroth Essence at rank 3 or higher. 10 points.
Power Is Beautiful New  Infuse the Heart of Azeroth with any Heart of Azeroth Essence at rank 4. 10 points.
Power Progression New  Infuse the Heart of Azeroth with any Heart of Azeroth Essence at rank 2 or higher. 10 points.


Raids
Feats of Strength

Ahead of the Curve: Queen Azshara New  Defeat Queen Azshara in The Eternal Palace on Heroic difficulty or higher, before the release of the next raid tier.
Cutting Edge: Queen Azshara New  Defeat Queen Azshara in The Eternal Palace on Mythic difficulty, before the release of the next raid tier.


War Effort
Expansion Features

Heroic: Tour of War New  Defeat the following enemy commanders in the Battle for Stromgarde on heroic difficulty: 10 points.
Heroic: Tour of War New  Defeat the following enemy commanders in the Battle for Stromgarde on heroic difficulty: 10 points.
Heroic: War is Hell New  Complete the Battle for Stromgarde on Heroic Difficulty. 10 points.
Heroic: War is Hell New  Complete the Battle for Stromgarde on Heroic Difficulty. 10 points.


World
Player vs. Player

Supplying the Assassins  Name changed from "Supplying the Assasins" to "Supplying the Assassins". Collect Loot 25 War Supply Chests in Nazjatar as an Assasin. while an Assasin.




Spell Changes
Companions

Adventurous Hopling  Right Click to summon and dismiss your adventurous hopling. Instant. Battle Pet. Battle Pet. Instant.
Armored Vaultbot New  Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Battle Pet. Battle Pet. Instant.
Burnout New  Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Battle Pet. Battle Pet. Instant.
Ghostly Whelpling  Right Click to summon and dismiss your ghostly whelpling. Instant. Battle Pet. Battle Pet. Instant.
Irradiated Elementaling New  Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Battle Pet. Battle Pet. Instant.
Slimy Darkhunter  Right Click to summon and dismiss your Slimy Darkhunter. Instant. Battle Pet. Battle Pet. Instant.
Slimy Eel  Right Click to summon and dismiss your Slimy Eel. Instant. Battle Pet. Battle Pet. Instant.
Slimy Fangtooth  Name changed from "Slimy Fish" to "Slimy Fangtooth". Right Click to summon and dismiss your Slimy Fish. Instant. Battle Pet. Battle Pet. Instant.
Slimy Hermit Crab  Right Click to summon and dismiss your Slimy Hermit Crab. Instant. Battle Pet. Battle Pet. Instant.
Slimy Octopode  Right Click to summon and dismiss your Slimy Octopode. Instant. Battle Pet. Battle Pet. Instant.
Slimy Otter  Right Click to summon and dismiss your Slimy Otter. Instant. Battle Pet. Battle Pet. Instant.
Slimy Sea Slug  Right Click to summon and dismiss your Slimy Sea Slug. Instant. Battle Pet. Battle Pet. Instant.


 Death Knight Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Frost

Breath of Sindragosa  Continuously deal [ 34.7% of Attack Power + 34.7% of Off-hand Attack Power ] Frost damage every 1 sec to enemies in a cone in front of you, until your Runic Power is exhausted. Deals reduced damage to secondary targets. Has an increased chance to trigger Runic Empowerment Generates 2 Runes at the start and end. Frost Death Knight - Level 100 Talent. Frost Death Knight - Level 100 Talent. Instant. 2 min cooldown.


Azerite Traits

Person-Computer Interface  Increases the effectiveness of Red Punchcards and Yellow Punchcards in your equipped Pocket-Sized Computation Device by 50%. A secondary stat of your choice is increased by 238 while using the Pocket-Sized Computation Device. Stat is chosen based on equipped Logic Board.


Item Effects

A Tiny Clockwork Key New  When summoned, Pepe will sometimes be dressed like a robot. Instant.
Abyssal Conch New  Grants 150 reputation with the Ankoan. Instant.
Air Filled Bladder New  Throw the air filled bladder into the air, try and get under it to keep it from popping on the ground. Instant.
Ankoan Guardians Experience New  Grant 150 experience to your Ankoan guardians. Instant.
Arcane Heart  Every 48,673 Every 1,500,000 damage and healing done you gain Omnipotence, increasing your highest stat by 500 0 for 15 sec. You heal for 5% of all Arcane damage taken.
Arcing Razor Coral New  
Arcing Razor Coral New  Plunge a shard of Charging Coral into your target dealing 0 physical damage. Subsequent attacks have a chance to deal 0 damage and add a charge to the coral. 8 yd range. Instant. 20 sec cooldown.
Azeroth Mini: Beastbot  Add Beastbot to you your Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. 2 sec cast.
Azeroth Mini: Blastatron  Add Blastatron to you your Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. 2 sec cast.
Azeroth Mini: Bondo Bigblock  Add Bondo Bigblock to you your Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. 2 sec cast.
Azeroth Mini: Cogstar  Add Cogstar to you your Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. 2 sec cast.
Azeroth Mini: Cork Stuttguard  Add Cork Stuttguard to you your Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. 2 sec cast.
Azeroth Mini: Erazmin  Add Erazmin to you your Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Azeroth Mini: Erazmin.
Azeroth Mini: Gazlowe  Add Gazlowe to you your Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. 2 sec cast.
Azeroth Mini: HK-8  Add HK-8 to you your Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. 2 sec cast.
Azeroth Mini: Izira Gearsworn  Add Izira Gearsworn to you your Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. 2 sec cast.
Azeroth Mini: King Mechagon  Add King Mechagon to you your Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. 2 sec cast.
Azeroth Mini: Naeno Megacrash  Add Naeno Megacrash to you your Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. 2 sec cast.
Azeroth Mini: Overspark  Add Overspark to you your Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. 2 sec cast.
Azeroth Mini: Pascal-K1N6  Add Pascal-K1N6 to you your Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. 2 sec cast.
Azeroth Mini: Roadtrogg  Add Roadtrogg to you your Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. 2 sec cast.
Azeroth Mini: Sapphronetta  Add Sapphronetta to you your Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. 2 sec cast.
Azeroth Mini: Wrenchbot  Add Wrenchbot to you your Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. 2 sec cast.
Azshara's Storm New  Azshara's Storm will restore 0 health to an injured ally 3 additional times.
Azshara's Storm New  Azshara's Storm will rise for 10 sec, every 2 min. Azshara's Storm is enhanced for every member of your party wearing Azshara's Garments.
Azshara's Storm New  Azshara's Storm will grant 864 additional Critical Strike, split between members of your party.
Azshara's Storm New  Azshara's Storm will grant 864 additional Haste, split between members of your party.
Azshara's Storm New  Azshara's Storm will deal 0 Arcane damage to a nearby enemy 3 additional times.
Azure Brinestone  Launches a shard at your target, dealing 11,000 6,600 Frost damage and freezing them in place. Only in Nazjatar. 40 yd range. Instant.
Bioelectric Charge New  Your auto attacks have a chance to prime Diver's Folly. For 12 sec, 5% of your damage will be stored as bioelectric charge. When Diver's Folly discharges, deal Nature damage equal to the charge to 3 nearby enemies. Approximately 1 proc per minute.
Bloodthirsty Coral New  10% of incoming damage is stored as Healing Blood, up to 0 total. You are healed for 0 every 5 sec, while blood remains. 
Book of the Unshackled New  Read the book and recall the memories of the Unshackled. Unlimited range. Instant. 60 min cooldown.
Bought Rare Reward New  Instant.
Carnivore of the Deep New  While in Nazjatar and the Eternal Palace, your critical strikes have a chance to heal you for [ 690 + 100% of Spell Power ] over 10 sec. Approximately 1 proc per minute.
Carved Ankoan Charm New  Hold the charm and recall the memories of the Ankoan. Unlimited range. Instant. 60 min cooldown.
Ceremonial Ankoan Scabbard New  Grants 400 reputation with the Ankoan. Instant.
Cleaning New  Clean the rust off of the lockbox. 4 sec cast.
Codex of the Quiet Mind  Set out a codex, allowing nearby players to adjust their talents. and azerite essences. 10 yd range. 1.5 sec cast.
Compress Venom  Combine 10 Venom Droplets into a Poison Globule. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Venom Droplets x 9. Droplet x 9.
Conflict and Strife New  Infuse your Heart of Azeroth with Conflict and Strife. 2 sec cast.
Conflict and Strife New  Infuse your Heart of Azeroth with Conflict and Strife. 2 sec cast.
Conflict and Strife New  Infuse your Heart of Azeroth with Conflict and Strife. 2 sec cast.
Conflict and Strife New  Infuse your Heart of Azeroth with Conflict and Strife. 2 sec cast.
Cursed Lover's Ring New  Bind your ring to another Cursed Lover's Ring. Instant.
Cursed Lover's Ring New  Every 5 sec, sacrifice 0 health to heal the wearer of your bound ring for the same amount, while they are within 20 yards and more injured than you.
Decoding New  Decrypt the message. 3 sec cast.
Delirious Frenzy New  Your attack speed is increased by 1% for each consecutive auto attack against the same target, up to 10%.
Disassembling New  Break apart the bracelet. Instant.
Disassembling New  Dismantle this disturbing idol. 4 sec cast.
Drink New  Restores 51,272 mana over 20 sec. Must remain seated while drinking. Instant.
Drink New  Restores 80% Mana over 20 sec. Must remain seated while drinking. Instant.
Eel-ectrified Defenses New  When taking damage in Nazjatar and the Eternal Palace, you have a chance to deal 448 damage to the attacker and slow them for 15% for 5 sec sec. 50 yd range. Approximately 3 procs per minute.
Enthraller's Influence New  Your abilities have a chance to grant you 349 primary stat for 30 sec.
Exploding Pufferfish  Name changed from "Exploding Pufferfish - NYI" to "Exploding Pufferfish".
Fiery Brinestone  Launches a fiery crystal at your target, dealing 17,600 9,900 Fire damage. Only in Nazjatar. 40 yd range. Instant.
Filling... New  Arcane enchantments fill your pouch with life-giving liquid when used while standing in water. 10 sec cast. Reagents: Magnificent Desalinating Pouch.
Focusing Life Anima  Combine 0 Focused Life Anima to create either Essence of the Focusing Iris, Anima of Life and Death or Combine 15 Focused Life Anima to create Lifebinder's Invocation. The item created is based on your Loot Specialization. 1.5 sec cast. 1 sec cooldown. Reagents: Focused Life Anima x 15.
G99.99 Landshark  Releases a subterrean subterranean shark to hunt target enemy. Inflicts 166,687 Fire damage and silences them for 3 sec. 45 yd range. Instant.
Hatred of Her Court New  Heal for 739,189 after killing a naga in Nazjatar and the Eternal Palace.
Heart of Azeroth  Help Oculeth open a portal to Zuldazar. 10 yd range. 1.5 sec cast. 3 sec cast.
Heart of Azeroth  Help Jaina open a portal to Boralus. 10 yd range. 1.5 sec cast. 3 sec cast.
Hunter of Nightmares  Name changed from "Aberration Master - NYI" to "Hunter of Nightmares". Gain 0 Mastery for 6 until cancelled seconds after killing an Aberration in Nazjatar and the Eternal Palace. or the Eternal Palace.
Illuminating New  Disperse the shadow and reveal the shell. 3 sec cast.
Inexhaustible Shield  Automatically sacrifice 5% of your maximum health for an absorb of equal value each time the absorb is depleted.
Latent Arcana  Consume latent magic for 5 sec, increasing your Agility by 1,176 and Speed by 124. These effects are Harvest latent magic for up to 5 sec, increasing your primary stat by 1,058. The duration is extended for each second spent channeling harvesting, up to 30 sec. 5 sec cast Channeled. 2 min cooldown.
Lifeblood  Name changed from "Worldvein Boon" to "Lifeblood". Every 18-25 sec, a shard of Azerite Lifeblood Shard erupts from the nearby ground for 12 sec, granting you and any other ally using Worldvein Boon Resonance 55 primary stat while within 8 yards of it. yds of it.
Lifeblood  Name changed from "Worldvein Boon" to "Lifeblood". The time between Azerite Lifeblood Shards erupting from the ground is now 1-25 sec. 
Luminous Jellyweed New  Your heals have a chance to grant Luminescence to the lowest health ally within 40 yds. Heals on allies with Luminescence heal for 10% more up to a total of 0. Approximately 3 procs per minute.
Machinist's Brilliance  Instant. Critical Strike increased by 100. Instant.
Map to the Last Worldvein New  Layout the mission on your mission table to recover the last Worldvein. Instant.
Map to the Last Worldvein New  Layout the mission on your mission table to recover the last Worldvein. Instant.
Nullification Dynamo  Infuse your Heart of Azeroth with Null Dynamo. 2 sec cast. Nullification Dynamo. 2 sec cast.
Nullification Dynamo  Infuse your Heart of Azeroth with Null Dynamo. 2 sec cast. Nullification Dynamo. 2 sec cast.
Nullification Dynamo  Infuse your Heart of Azeroth with Null Dynamo. 2 sec cast. Nullification Dynamo. 2 sec cast.
Nullification Dynamo  Infuse your Heart of Azeroth with Null Dynamo. 2 sec cast. Nullification Dynamo. 2 sec cast.
Opening New  See what is inside the toolbox. 2 sec cast.
Paralytic Spines New  Pierce your skin with paralytic spines, decreasing your damage done and damage taken by 10% for 15 sec. Instant. 2 min cooldown.
Polishing New  With a bit of polish this could still be useful. 3.5 sec cast.
Reading New  Page through the menacing text. 6 sec cast.
Recalibrating New  Recalibrate the humming stones. 4 sec cast.
Reclaiming New  Reclaim the stolen armor and put it to good use. 3 sec cast.
Recognizing New  Crack open the cluster. 2 sec cast.
Refreshment  Restores 37,440 health and 37,440 mana over 60 min Restores 220,028 health and 110,012 mana over 20 sec. Must remain seated while eating. If you spend at least 10 seconds eating you will become well fed and increase your movement speed by 100 for 60 min while in Mechagon. Instant.
Ripple in Space  Name changed from "Reality Shift" to "Ripple in Space". Infuse your Heart of Azeroth with Reality Shift. 2 sec cast. Ripple in Space. 2 sec cast.
Ripple in Space  Name changed from "Reality Shift" to "Ripple in Space". Infuse your Heart of Azeroth with Reality Shift. 2 sec cast. Ripple in Space. 2 sec cast.
Ripple in Space  Name changed from "Reality Shift" to "Ripple in Space". Infuse your Heart of Azeroth with Reality Shift. 2 sec cast. Ripple in Space. 2 sec cast.
Ripple in Space  Name changed from "Reality Shift" to "Ripple in Space". Infuse your Heart of Azeroth with Reality Shift. 2 sec cast. Ripple in Space. 2 sec cast.
Scrap Grenade  Throw an electrified grenade, dealing 1,584 nature damage and stunning mechanical enemies for 6 seconds. Only usable in Zandalar and Kul Tiras. 20 yd range. 2 sec cast. 1 sec cast.
Scroll of Touch of Fatality  Your Touch of Death Teaches the Monk Touch of Fatality. Touch of Fatality instantly kills any player below 20% health, or any creature at or below level 100 in Ashran. Can only be used while in Ashran. 5 sec cast.
Serpent's Kiss  Increase Dodge chance by 20% for 5 min. Only usable in Nazjatar. 30 yd range. Instant. 30 sec cooldown.
Shiver Venom  Name changed from "Relic of Venomous Shivers" to "Shiver Venom".
Shivering Lance New  Your damaging abilities have a chance to deal 0 Frost damage. If your target is afflicted with Shiver Venom, deal 0 Nature damage to nearby enemies.
Shockbitten New  Increase your Haste by 371 for 30 sec. Instant. 1.5 min cooldown.
Sieving New  Something in this sand contains immense power. 4 sec cast.
Summon Zoatroid  Your single target heals have Casting a single target heal has a chance to summon a Zoatroid by your ally's target's side, absorbing 0 damage and granting up to 0 Versatility based on the remaining shield. Every 0% 10% mana you spend nourishes 0 absorb to each Zoatroid. Approximately 3 procs per minute.
Tome of the Quiet Mind  Calms the mind, allowing you to adjust talents and azerite essences while not in combat for 60 sec. Instant.
Transfer Protocol  Transfer aura to caster from current Mechanical enemy Steals all beneficial effects from a mechanical target. Only usable in Zandalar and Kul Tiras. 40 yd range. 3 sec cast.
Unagi Skewer New  Prepare Unagi Skewer. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Viper Fish x 5, Mauve Stinger x 5.
Unagi Skewer  Name changed from "[REUSE ME] MTMM" to "Unagi Skewer". 20 yd range. 60 sec cast Channeled. Deals 500 Nature damage to attackers when hit. 20 yd range. Instant.
Undulating Tides  While above 50% health, your damaging spells and abilities have a chance to crash a wave upon your target for 626 265 Frost damage. When your health drops below 50%, gain a shield absorbing 50 damage within until cancelled 2,075 damage within 8 sec. When this occurs, Undulating Tides cannot trigger again for 1,647 sec. 45 sec.
Unshackled Guardians Experience New  Grant 150 experience to your Unshackled guardians. Instant.
Untangling New  Untangle the bundle of kelp. 2 sec cast.
Unusually Wise Hermit Crab New  Grants 100 experience to the targeted guardian. 10 yd range. 2 sec cast.
Venomous Bolt New  Your damaging abilities have a chance to deal 0 Nature damage. If your target is afflicted with Shiver Venom, deal 0 additional Frost damage.
Vibrant Sea Blossom New  Grants 400 reputation with the Unshackled. Instant.
Violet Brinestone  Launches a crystal at your target, dealing 2,750 2,200 Shadow damage instantly, and an additional 16,500 5,500 Shadow damage over 20 sec. Only in Nazjatar. 40 yd range. Instant.
Vision of Demise New  Reveal your enemy's impending doom, increasing your Haste by 0 for 10 sec. This Haste is further increased proportionally by how much health your enemy is missing. 40 yd range. Instant.
Vision of Demise New  
Void Negotiation  Your abilities have a chance to create a Void Tear for 30 sec. Standing near a Void Tear opens a portal, granting you 49 90 Intellect for 10 sec. Approximately 1.2 procs per minute. 1.5 procs per minute.
Worldvein Resonance  Name changed from "Worldvein Boon" to "Worldvein Resonance". Concentrate energy into the Heart of Azeroth, immediately causing 2 Azerite Lifeblood Shards to erupt from the nearby ground. Can't be cast in Travel Form, Ghost Wolf, Flight Form, Stealth, Spirit of Redemption. Azerite Essence. Azerite Essence. Instant. 2 min cooldown.
Worldvein Resonance  Name changed from "Worldvein Boon" to "Worldvein Resonance". Infuse your Heart of Azeroth with Worldvein Boon. 2 sec cast. Resonance. 2 sec cast.
Worldvein Resonance  Name changed from "Worldvein Boon" to "Worldvein Resonance". Infuse your Heart of Azeroth with Worldvein Boon. 2 sec cast. Resonance. 2 sec cast.
Worldvein Resonance  Name changed from "Worldvein Boon" to "Worldvein Resonance". The duration of all Azerite Lifeblood Shards is increased by 50%. 
Worldvein Resonance  Name changed from "Worldvein Boon" to "Worldvein Resonance". Worldvein Boon now creates 1 additional Azerite Shard. Worldvein Resonance now creates 1 additional Lifeblood Shard.
Worldvein Resonance  Name changed from "Worldvein Boon" to "Worldvein Resonance". Infuse your Heart of Azeroth with Worldvein Boon. 2 sec cast. Resonance. 2 sec cast.
Worldvein Resonance  Name changed from "Worldvein Boon" to "Worldvein Resonance". Infuse your Heart of Azeroth with Worldvein Boon. 2 sec cast. Resonance. 2 sec cast.
Worldvein Resonance  Name changed from "Worldvein Boon" to "Worldvein Resonance". Increases the radius of shards created by Worldvein Boon by 50%. Lifeblood Shards by 50%.


Professions
Enchanting

Accord of Versatility  Permanently enchant a ring to increase Haste Versatility by 60. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Veiled Crystal x 5, Umbra Shard x 4, Gloom Dust x 18.
Force Multiplier  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Strength or Agility by 500 for 15 sec. While active, your offensive spells and abilities sometimes increase your and Mastery, Haste, or Critical Strike by 100, stacking up to 5 times for 15 sec. Your highest stat is always chosen. Reduced materials. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 5, Gloom Dust x 22, Veiled Crystal x 3.
Force Multiplier  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Strength or Agility by 500 for 15 sec. While active, your offensive spells and abilities sometimes increase your and Mastery, Haste, or Critical Strike by 100, stacking up to 5 times for 15 sec. Your highest stat is always chosen. Greatly reduced materials. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 4, Gloom Dust x 20, Veiled Crystal x 2.
Force Multiplier  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Strength or Agility by 500 for 15 sec. While active, your offensive spells and abilities sometimes increase your and Mastery, Haste, or Critical Strike by 100, stacking up to 5 times for 15 sec. Your highest stat is always chosen. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 6, Gloom Dust x 25, Veiled Crystal x 3.
Machinist's Brilliance  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Intellect by 500 for 15 sec. While active, your offensive spells and abilities sometimes increase your and Mastery, Haste, or Critical Strike by 100, stacking up to 5 times for 15 sec. Your highest stat is always chosen. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 6, Gloom Dust x 25, Veiled Crystal x 3.
Machinist's Brilliance  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Intellect by 500 for 15 sec. While active, your offensive spells and abilities sometimes increase your and Mastery, Haste, or Critical Strike by 100, stacking up to 5 times for 15 sec. Your highest stat is always chosen. Greatly reduced materials. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 4, Gloom Dust x 20, Veiled Crystal x 2.
Machinist's Brilliance  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Intellect by 500 for 15 sec. While active, your offensive spells and abilities sometimes increase your and Mastery, Haste, or Critical Strike by 100, stacking up to 5 times for 15 sec. Your highest stat is always chosen. Reduced materials. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 5, Gloom Dust x 22, Veiled Crystal x 3.
Naga Hide  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally with a naga spell of protection. When you Block, Dodge, or Parry, you have a chance to increase Strength or Agility by 500 for 15 sec. Additionally, while active, your skin is covered in thick scales, allowing you to absorb 15,000 damage. Reduced materials. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 5, Gloom Dust x 22, Veiled Crystal x 3.
Naga Hide  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally with a naga spell of protection. When you Block, Dodge, or Parry, you have a chance to increase Strength or Agility by 500 for 15 sec. Additionally, while active, your skin is covered in thick scales, allowing you to absorb 15,000 damage. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 6, Gloom Dust x 25, Veiled Crystal x 3.
Naga Hide  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally with a naga spell of protection. When you Block, Dodge, or Parry, you have a chance to increase Strength or Agility by 500 for 15 sec. Additionally, while active, your skin is covered in thick scales, allowing you to absorb 15,000 damage. Greatly reduced materials. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 4, Gloom Dust x 20, Veiled Crystal x 2.
Oceanic Restoration  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Intellect by 500 for 15 sec. While active, you restore 500 mana per second and restore 5,000 mana. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 6, Gloom Dust x 25, Veiled Crystal x 3.
Oceanic Restoration  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Intellect by 500 for 15 sec. While active, you restore 500 mana per second and restore 5,000 mana. Reduced materials. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 5, Gloom Dust x 22, Veiled Crystal x 3.
Oceanic Restoration  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Intellect by 500 for 15 sec. While active, you restore 500 mana per second and restore 5,000 mana. Greatly reduced materials. Requires One-Handed Axes, Two-Handed Axes, Bows, Guns, One-Handed Maces, Two-Handed Maces, Polearms, One-Handed Swords, Two-Handed Swords, Staves, Bear Claws, CatClaws, Fist Weapons, Daggers, Spears, Crossbows, Wands. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 4, Gloom Dust x 20, Veiled Crystal x 2.


Inscription

Vantus Rune: The Eternal Palace  Reduce the materials required to craft a Vantus Rune: The Eternal Palace. Inscription. Inscription. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Light Parchment, Maroon Ink x 18, Ultramarine Ink x 10. 9.
Vantus Rune: The Eternal Palace  Greatly reduce the materials required to craft a Vantus Rune: The Eternal Palace. Inscription. Inscription. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Light Parchment, Maroon Ink x 15, Ultramarine Ink x 10. 7.


Leatherworking

Dredged Leather Bladder  Craft an Inflatable Craft a Dredged Leather Bladder. Leatherworking. Leatherworking. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Dredged Leather x 10, Nylon Thread x 5.




Misc Changes
Battle Masters

All Arenas - Level: 15-120. Players: 5. Rated players: 5. Map: The Robodrome. Maps: Ashamane's Fall, Black Rook Hold Arena, Blade's Edge Arena, Dalaran Sewers, Hook Point, Mugambala, Nagrand Arena, Ruins of Lordaeron, Shado-Pan Showdown, The Robodrome, The Tiger's Peak, Tol'Viron Arena.
All Arenas - Brawl. Level: 110-120. Players: 8-15. Rated players: 5. Maps: Ashamane's Fall, Black Rook Hold Arena, Blade's Edge Arena, Dalaran Sewers, Hook Point, Mugambala, Nagrand Arena, Ruins of Lordaeron, The Tiger's Peak, Tol'Viron Arena. Robodrome, The Tiger's Peak, Tol'Viron Arena.
Ashran - Epic Battleground. Level: 20 100-120. Players: 10-40. Rated players: 25. Map: Ashran.


Character Titles

%s of the Deeps New
%s the Eternal New
%s, Azeroth's Champion New
Sparking %s New


Currency Types
Hidden

Rustbolt Resistance - Name changed from "Rustbolt Rebellion" to "Rustbolt Resistance". Grants reputation with the Rustbolt Rebellion. Resistance.


Flight Masters
Nazjatar

Elun'alor Temple, Nazjatar - Name changed from "Elun'alor Temple Alliance, Nazjatar" to "Elun'alor Temple, Nazjatar".


Group Finder Activities
Raids

Battle for Stromgarde Heroic New - 30 players. Level 120. Map: The Battle for Stromgarde. Difficulty: Heroic.
The Eternal Palace Heroic New - 30 players. Level 120. Map: The Eternal Palace. Difficulty: Heroic.
The Eternal Palace Mythic New - 30 players. Level 120. Map: The Eternal Palace. Difficulty: Mythic.
The Eternal Palace Normal New - 30 players. Level 120. Map: The Eternal Palace. Difficulty: Normal.


Holidays

The Eternal Palace - Players may now use the Raid Finder to access the second section of The Eternal Palace: Depths of the Devoted.
The Eternal Palace - Players may now use the Raid Finder to access the final section of The Eternal Palace: The Depths of the Devoted.
The Eternal Palace - Players may now use the Raid Finder to access the second section of The Eternal Palace: Depths of the Devoted.
The Eternal Palace - Players may now use the Raid Finder to access the second section of The Eternal Palace: Depths of the Devoted.
The Eternal Palace - The dangers of Nazjatar were merely preamble. Breach the palace gates and descend into Azshara's deadly domain.
The Eternal Palace - Mythic difficulty of The Eternal Palace raid awaits the boldest of adventurers, and players may now use the Raid Finder to access the raid.
The Eternal Palace - Players may now use the Raid Finder to access the second section of The Eternal Palace: Depths of the Devoted.
The Eternal Palace - The dangers of Nazjatar were merely preamble. Breach the palace gates and descend into Azshara's deadly domain.
The Eternal Palace - Mythic difficulty of The Eternal Palace raid awaits the boldest of adventurers, and players may now use the Raid Finder to access the raid.
The Eternal Palace - Mythic difficulty of The Eternal Palace raid awaits the boldest of adventurers, and players may now use the Raid Finder to access the raid.
The Eternal Palace - Players may now use the Raid Finder to access the final section of The Eternal Palace: The Depths of the Devoted.
The Eternal Palace - The dangers of Nazjatar were merely preamble. Breach the palace gates and descend into Azshara's deadly domain.
The Eternal Palace - Players may now use the Raid Finder to access the final section of The Eternal Palace: The Depths of the Devoted.
The Eternal Palace - The dangers of Nazjatar were merely preamble. Breach the palace gates and descend into Azshara's deadly domain.
The Eternal Palace - Players may now use the Raid Finder to access the final section of The Eternal Palace: The Depths of the Devoted.
The Eternal Palace - Mythic difficulty of The Eternal Palace raid awaits the boldest of adventurers, and players may now use the Raid Finder to access the raid.


LFG Dungeons
Unknown

Depths of the Devoted - Azshara's most valued retainers are as deadly as they are loyal. To face the queen, one must first face her court. Map: The Eternal Palace. Level 120. Suggested level: 120. Roles: 1-2 tank/4-5 healer/13-18 damage.
The Circle of Stars - Every path has led to her... to him. Prove worthy of the waking dream. Drown! Drown, and let all eyes be opened! Map: The Eternal Palace. Level 120. Suggested level: 120. Roles: 1-2 tank/4-5 healer/13-18 damage.
The Grand Reception - The dangers of Nazjatar were merely preamble. Breach the palace gates and descend into Azshara's deadly domain. Map: The Eternal Palace. Level 120. Suggested level: 120. Roles: 1-2 tank/4-5 healer/13-18 damage.


Map Areas
Kalimdor

Orgrimmar > Pathfinder's Den New


Nazjatar

Nazjatar > Gate of the Queen - Name changed from "Nazjatar > The Eternal Palace" to "Nazjatar > Gate of the Queen".
Nazjatar > Gorm's Den New
Nazjatar > The Empress's Approach New
Nazjatar > The Eternal Palace New


Operation: Mechagon

Operation: Mechagon > Bondo's Yard New - Pet battle levels: 25-25.
Operation: Mechagon > Crashcog Circuit New - Pet battle levels: 25-25.
Operation: Mechagon > Crumbling Cavern New - Pet battle levels: 25-25.
Operation: Mechagon > Junkwatt Depot New - Pet battle levels: 25-25.
Operation: Mechagon > Rustbolt New - Pet battle levels: 25-25.
Operation: Mechagon > Scrapbone Den New - Pet battle levels: 25-25.
Operation: Mechagon > The Outflow New - Pet battle levels: 25-25.


Programmer Map - Continent

Continent New


Map Difficulties

Karazhan Catacombs - HoA Scenario New - Max players: 1.


Maps
Battle for Azeroth

Karazhan Catacombs - HoA Scenario - Directory: 2232. Type: Scenario. Instance.


Wrath of the Lich King

Battle for Wintergrasp - Directory: WintergraspEpic. Type: Battleground. Horde Description: "An ancient Titan stronghold built to protect the Vault of Archavon. Horde and Alliance forces battle furiously for control of the place, eager to seize the artifacts and relics held within the vault for their battle against the Lich King. An ancient Titan stronghold built to protect the Vault of Archavon. Horde and Alliance forces battle furiously for control of the place, eager to seize the artifacts and relics held within the vault for their battle against the Lich King.". Alliance Description: "An ancient Titan stronghold built to protect the Vault of Archavon. Horde and Alliance forces battle furiously for control of the place, eager to seize the artifacts and relics held within the vault for their battle against the Lich King.". PvP Objective: "Defend or Assault Wintergrasp". PvP Description: "- Defend the Fortress as Defense - Destroy the final wall in Fortress as Offense". the Fortress as Offense".


Mounts
Aquatic Mounts

Crimson Tidestallion - Aquatic Mount. Crimson Tidestallion  "The blood-red coloration of these creatures is ideal for hiding in large coral formations." Source: PH Vendor: Mrrl Zone: Nazjatar Cost: 4|Hitem:169,783|h [INV_Misc_Coin_12]|h 2|Hitem:169,780|h [INV_Alchemy_80_AlchemistStone02.BLP]|h 3|Hitem:169,781|h [Achievement_Dungeon_ClassicRaider]|h 1|Hitem:170,100|h [INV_Misc_Food_111_IcefinFillet]|h 


Flying Mounts

Azshari Bloatray - Flying Mount. Azshari Bloatray  "The naga raised these rays in captivity, harvesting their gas organs to craft alchemy which allowed them to breathe air more easily." Source: Achievement: Glory of the Eternal Raider Category: Dungeons & Raids Palace Raider Category: Dungeons & Raids 


Ground Mounts

Deepcoral Snapdragon - Ground Mount. Deepcoral Snapdragon  "The snapdragon is a quiet hunter in the water, but is far less stealthy on land." Source: Quest: A Gift from Akana Wild Tame 
Junkheap Drifter - Ground Mount. Junkheap Drifter  "The mount to use when "When you really want to be witnessed is certainly noticed... and don't mind strapping yourself to a giant, barely-held-together wheel." Source: Drop: Rustfeather Zone: Mechagon
Snapdragon Kelpstalker - Ground Mount. Snapdragon Kelpstalker  "When a snapdragon bites you, the worry isn't about the bite itself, but the poison that will begin to eat away at the wound." Source: Quest: A Gift from Neri Good Girl 


Unknown Types

Kua'fon - Ground Mount Unknown Type. Kua'fon  "Once a little hatchling, raised into a mighty pterrordax by a loving handler. He never did learn to fly." Source: Quest: Down, But Not Out Zone: Zuldazar 


World Safe Locations
Broken Isles

Broken Isles - Dalaran - Portal to Orgrimmar New


Kul Tiras

Boralus - Portal to Nazjatar New
Mechagon - Captain Krooz in Prospectus Bay New
Mechagon - Horde Landing in Prospectus Bay New
Tiragarde Sound - Boralus - Wind's Redemption New


Nazjatar

A - Nazjatar - Portal to Boralus RKS New
Nazjatar - Portal to Zuldazar New


Zandalar

Zuldazar - Banshee's Wail - Tattersail New
Zuldazar - Hall of Ancient Paths - Portal to Nazjatar New
Zuldazar Harbor - Submarine to Mechagon New




Strings Changes

AZERITE_ESSENCE_EMPTY_MAIN_SLOT - |cff71d5ffEmpty Major Slot|r |cff71d5ffEmpty Slot|r
AZERITE_ESSENCE_EMPTY_MAIN_SLOT_DESC - Activate an essence here to be able to use Apply an essence here to gain both its Major and Minor powers.
AZERITE_ESSENCE_EMPTY_PASSIVE_SLOT_DESC - Activate Apply an essence here to be able to use its Minor power.
AZERITE_ESSENCE_HELPTIP_AVAILABLE_SLOT New - An essence slot is available. Shift Right Click to view.
AZERITE_ESSENCE_HELPTIP_UNLOCKED_POWER New - You unlocked a new power. Visit the Heart Forge to activate it.
AZERITE_ESSENCE_HELPTIP_UNLOCKED_SLOT New - You unlocked a new essence slot. Visit the Heart Forge to activate it.
BATTLEGROUND_RATING - Battleground Rating
CHARACTER_SHEET_MICRO_BUTTON_AZERITE_ESSENCE_SLOT_AVAILABLE New - An essence slot is available.
ERR_AZERITE_ESSENCE_SELECTION_FAILED_CONDITION_FAILED - You do not meet the requirements activate this essence. You don't meet the requirements to apply this essence.
GUILD_IMPEACH_POPUP_TEXT - Your guild master has been flagged as inactive. You may assume control of the guild. Do you want to remove the guild master?
HEART_OF_AZEROTH_LEVEL New - Level %d
NEW_AZERITE_ESSENCE_MILESTONE_UNLOCKED New - New Perseverance Unlocked
NEW_AZERITE_ESSENCE_SLOT_UNLOCKED New - New Essence Slot Unlocked
PVP_CONQUEST_LOWLEVEL - You are not high enough level to use this feature yet. The %s feature unlocks at level 70. 120.
SPELL_FAILED_CUSTOM_ERROR_408 - You are unable to collect data on this target. Requires a Brinestone Pickaxe.
SPELL_FAILED_CUSTOM_ERROR_412 New - Your target is already affected by Tea Time!
SPELL_FAILED_CUSTOM_ERROR_413 New - You must complete the quest "The Heart Forge" to infuse an essence.
SPELL_FAILED_CUSTOM_ERROR_414 New - This target does not have your Charging Coral.
VOICE_CHAT_DUCKING_SCALE New - Voice Chat Ducking