chaud2019-03-17, 07:45 AMPatch 8.1.5 Hotfixes - March 15, 2019
Allied Races

Regeneratin'  is no longer interrupted by Stagger damage.
Fixed a bug that caused male Zandalari trolls to get stuck while walking up stairs.
Race or faction changing a Druid to Kul Tiran or Zandalari will no longer remove your Cenarion Circle reputation.
Fixed a bug that prevented players who completed the Zandalari Troll unlock questline from accepting “Discreet Discussions ”
Fixed a bug that caused Zandalari Druids in Moonkin form to miniaturize their mounts if they shapeshifted into another form.
Fixed an issue that prevented players from turning in quests to Queen Talanji after completing the Zandalari unlock quest line.
Fixed an issue that caused boosted characters to be incorrectly phased when trying to complete “The Battle for Broken Shore.”


Brawler’s Guild

Fixed a bug that prevented the Penguin Stampede brawl from starting.
Fixed a bug that prevented players from receiving the Brawler title after earning the Brawler for Azeroth achievement.
Fixed an issue that prevented some players from being able to start the Brawler’s Guild trial if another player started the trial when they were in the same queue.
Rumbles will no longer be included in Random brawls. Too hard, no fun.


Classes

 Rogue Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Assassination

Fixed an issue that allowed Rogues to remain in stealth if they cast Fan of Knives but did not strike a target.
Fixed an issue that caused Fan of Knives to generate a combo point when no targets were hit by the ability.



Player versus Player

Fixed a bug that caused building health displayed to fluctuate randomly in Wintergrasp.
Arathi Basin wins will again count toward the Arathi Basin Veteran achievement.


Items

The Horde and Alliance Gladiator Quartermasters have restocked their Saltwater Potions and Glider Kits supplies.
Fixed a bug that caused the Boodsoaked Skullforge Reaver heirloom to require a Battle-Hardened Heirloom Armor Casing to scale to level 120.
The Champion's Salute toy has returned from some much-needed rest and relaxation and is ready to impress onlookers once more.


Quests

Paxton has been given a leg up so players can complete “Getting a Leg Up”
Hungering Plaguehounds can be fed once again during "An Undead's Best Friend."
Players who became stuck after closing all the rifts on Seam Stress should be able to log out and back in to continue “Saving Nine”.
The “Calligraphy” Tortollan quest givers are now more understanding of your misteps. You do you, boo.




Un'Goro Madness
Un'Goro Madness  allows players to defeat group bosses in Un'Goro Crater to obtain temporary buffs from Dino Mojo  Open your map to see the locations of the bosses that are currently up. 

<a href="" class=" t" data-tooltip-href="">Adaptation</a> - Become strong, like a dinosaur.

Sharp Claws - Damage increased by 3%
Bony Carapace - Damage taken decreased by ?%
Lightning Speed - Movement speed increased by 3%
Massive - Size increased by 4%

The buffs listed above stack up to 20 times. Afterwards, you gain stacks of:

Awesome - Awesomeness increased by 10%

This buff persists through death and lasts for 3 days.



        


Azsharan Medallion Quest
The Xal'atath quest line won't appear for a while. 
So now that 8.1.5 is live I went straight to the first Naga invasion and killed like a million of em and no medallion , is the quest live? Anyone know the drop rate? Even Wowhead doesn’t have much to say on this. Anyone?!!! I really want the Xal Atath chain to unlock my gift of N’Zoth
Confirmed – the beginnings of this questline will start appearing closer to the opening of the Crucible of Storms raid in April.