Stoy2018-11-02, 10:39 PMWorld of Warcraft - What's Next


The team wants to tweak Warfronts to have something to contribute or do on a daily basis for players instead of every couple weeks.
War Mode rewards will soon increase based on how many players in a faction are participating. 
8.1 will release on December 11, 2018.
New Cinematic revealed for Tides of Vengeance - Tyrande and Malfurion attacking Nathanos's troops.
A roller coaster is being added to the Darkmoon Faire in 8.1.5.
The Children's Week Holiday is adding Kul Tiran and Zandalari Orphan quests.
New Microholidays

Vash'jir Diving
Wanderer's Festival
Free T-Shirt Day

Warlords of Draenor Timewalking is coming.

6 dungeons available

Auchidoun
Bloodmaul Slag Mines
Shadowmoon Burial Grounds
Skyreach
Iron Docks
The Everbloom

Two New Mount Rewards

Unarmored Black Elekk
Armored Wolf Model used in Blackrock Foundry Beastlord fight


Specific Portal rooms are being added in Orgrimmar and Stormwind.
Professions will have new quests called Tools of the Trade which grants them an epic quality item useful to their craft.
Brawler's Guild returns in 8.1.5. It will feature new bosses, shirts and a quest chain to solve a murder.

Bruce the gator is the new mount reward.
New Bosses

Momma Stormstout
Philip Carter Tracey
Robe-Robber Robert
Tidemistress Shellbreaker
Zaxx Dreadslice


Warsong and Arathi Basin Battlegrounds are being remastered with high definition updates.
Arathi Comp Stomp Brawl will release in 8.2.5 and features Arathi Basin against the new smart AI from Island Expeditions.
New Worgen and Goblin Model updates are coming and were shown!
The 8.2 patch is called Rise of Azshara and will include the Nazjatar land mass beneath the sea.

New story quests
New friends for Horde and Alliance
Replayable Content
New foes
New rewards and mounts
New crab mounts that walk sideways
Baby naga pet
Azshara's Eternal Palace will be the new raid with 8 bosses.

Naga Hatchery
Underwater Boss
Queen Azshara Fight


Mechagon - New Landmass

A previously closed vault in Kul Tiras has opened and within it a radio transmitter sends a signal for help and points to a new land to explore.
Ancient lost city of the gnomes
The beginning of the adventure is within the Junker Wastes where heroes will be beset by death robots.
Mechagnomes will be heavily involved in this story.

They introduce you to a whole new society and take you to where higher cast gnomes live who have dedicated themselves to their king and have embraced robotics.
They are hunted by robots.

King Mechangon has a vision to return anyone of flesh into more pure robotic parts and it's up to you to put a stop to him.
Mechagon Dungeon - a mega dungeon with 8 bosses similar to Legion's Karazhan. It is mythic difficulty only with new rare mounts and pets. King Mechagon is the final boss.

See what is next story wise for Sylvanas, Saurfang, Anduin and Jaina. Magni's quest to save Azeroth will also continue.
Tauren and Gnomes are next to receive Heritage Armor.
New Island Expedition Maps- Crestfall from Warcraft II and Snowblossom Pandaren Village
Heroic Warfronts - Higher Difficulty with higher rewards. These are for teams of 10+ players and there is a possibility to lose.
New Arena - Mechagon Arena
Pathfinder Part 2 and Flying will come with Rise of Azshara - Bee, Gryphon, and Mechanical Parrot mounts.
Season 3 will have a Nazjatar themed affix.
Vicious Mount next season is the basilisk.



<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<div class="gallery" id="gallery-WOWNXT">          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
          
      </div>