chaud2019-04-30, 01:48 AMCrucible of Storms Hotfixes 4/29
The following hotfixes are now active for all regions.

Uu’nat, Harbinger of the Void

Uu’nat no longer can cast Oblivion Tear immediately following Unstable Resonance in Mythic difficulty.
Adjusted the timing of Eyes of N’Zoth to be further spread out from Unstable Resonance in Mythic difficulty.
Unstable Resonance duration increased from 12 seconds to 15 seconds.




Subtlety Rogue Hotfixes 4/29
The following hotfixes are scheduled to be live this week.

Shadowstrike no longer deals reduced damage in PvP was a 10% reduction.
Eviscerate no longer deals reduced damage in PvP was a 15% reduction.
Mastery: Executioner is now reduced by 20% in PvP was 33%.


Developers’ notes: We’ve been keeping an eye on Subtlety’s damage during Season 2 and have identified a few prior PvP reductions that we’re going to relax to help with its overall damage throughput. With this improvement to Eviscerate combined with the existing PvP-only reduction to Night’s Vengeance Azerite Trait and the removal of Shuriken Combo we feel Subtlety’s potential Eviscerate damage will be brought into an acceptable range for PvP combat. Subtlety will continue to keep its PvP-only reductions to their stackable cooldown strength, but we also felt that it was necessary to increase throughput outside of those windows.


Patch 8.1.5 Hotfixes - April 29, 2019
Dungeons and Raids

Crucible of Storms

Uu’nat, Harbinger of the Void

Uu'nat no longer can cast Oblivion Tear immediately following Unstable Resonance in Mythic difficulty.
Adjusted the timing of Eyes of N'Zoth to be further spread out from Unstable Resonance in Mythic difficulty.
Unstable Resonance duration increased from 12 seconds to 15 seconds.




Items

Heart of Azeroth

Fixed an issue that prevented Ancestral Resonance from extending the duration of some Bloodlust and Heroism effects.

Fixed a bug that allowed The Well-Worn Blindfold to drop from Darkmoon Game Prizes.
Fixed an issue that caused “Against Overwhelming Odds” to display the incorrect item level for some rewards.


Quests

Goblins are once again easily able to vanquish “Volcanoth!” with their Bootzooka on the Lost Isles.
"A Scarlet Letter" can now be completed by Zandalari trolls.


User Interface

The experience bar for Heart of Azeroth will now indicate when a player has reached maximum level.