chaud2019-01-30, 12:54 AMPatch 8.1.5 PTR - Build 29220, New In-Game Shop Mount: Hogrus, Swine of Good Fortune
A new build is on the way!


Hogrus, Swine of Good Fortune - Hogrus was first seen by Emperor Shaohao on the third day of his meditation, and is considered by the Pandaren to be a sign of good fortune to come to those who take action.



Achievement Changes
Battle for Azeroth
Quests

The Speaker's Resolve New  Completed "The Speakers" Resolve quest chain. Account Wide.


Battle Raid
Dungeons & Raids

A Good Eye-dea New  Defeat Uu'nat, Harbinger of the Void in Crucible of Storms without allowing N'Zoth to see your movement in Normal Difficulty or higher. 10 points.
Empire's Fall  Defeat the following bosses in the Battle of Dazar'alor.10 points.


Reputation

Heritage of the Kul Tirans New  Earn level 110 on a newly created Kul Tiran character. Reward: Kul Tiran Heritage Armor. 10 points. Account Wide.
Heritage of the Zandalari New  Earn level 110 on a newly created Zandalari troll character. Reward: Zandalari Troll Heritage Armor. 10 points. Account Wide.




Spell Changes
Mounts

Hogrus, Swine of Good Fortune New  Summons and dismisses this mount. This mount changes depending on your riding skill and location. Account wide. Account wide. 1.5 sec cast.


Companions

Argi  Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion Battle Pet. Battle Pet. Instant.


 Death Knight Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Unholy

Death Coil  Fires a blast of unholy energy at the target, causing [ 36.46% [ 43.75% of Attack Power ] Shadow damage to an enemy. Reduces the cooldown of Dark Transformation by 1 sec. Death Knight - Unholy Spec. Death Knight - Unholy Spec. 40 Runic Power. 30 yd range. Instant.


 Druid Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Dreamwalk  Teleports the caster to the Emerald Dreamway. Casting Dreamwalk again while in the Emerald Dreamway will return you back to near your departure point. 0.1% of Base Mana. 10 sec cast. 60 sec cooldown.
Efflorescence  Restores [ 14.11% Restores [ 16.2% of Spell Power ] health to three injured allies within 10 yards of the initial target every 2 sec for 30 sec. 100 yd range. Instant.


Balance

Celestial Alignment  Celestial bodies align, increasing the damage of all your spells by 15% and granting you 15% Haste granting 40 Astral Power, and increasing spell damage by 15% and Haste by 15% for 20 sec. Can't be cast in Travel Form, Aquatic Form, Flight Form. Druid - Balance Spec. Druid - Balance Spec. Instant. 3 min cooldown.


Feral

Leader of the Pack  While in Cat Form, you increase the melee and ranged critical chance of all allies raid members within 40 yards by 5%. Leader of the Pack also causes affected targets to heal themselves for 4% of their maximum health when they critically hit with a melee or ranged attack. The healing effect cannot occur more than once every 6 sec. PvP Talent. PvP Talent. Requires Druid. Requires level 40+.


Restoration

Efflorescence  Grows a healing blossom at the target location, restoring [ 14.11% [ 16.2% of Spell Power ] health to three injured allies within 10 yards every 2 sec for 30 sec. Limit 1. Can't be cast in Moonkin Form. Druid - Restoration Spec. Druid - Restoration Spec. 21.6% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. Instant.
Focused Growth  Reduces the mana cost of your Lifebloom by 25% 20%, and your Lifebloom also applies Focused Growth to the target, increasing Lifebloom's healing by 25% 20%. Stacks up to 3 times. PvP Talent. PvP Talent. Requires Druid. Requires level 40+.
Lifebloom  Heals the target for [ 135% of Spell Power ] over 15 sec. When Lifebloom expires or is dispelled, the target is instantly healed for [ 80% of Spell Power ]. Limit 1. Can be cast in Tree of Life Form. Can't be cast in Cat Form, Travel Form, Bear Form, Moonkin Form. Limited to 1 target. Druid - Restoration Spec. Druid - Restoration Spec. 12% 11.2% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. Instant.
Wild Growth  Heals up to 6 injured allies within 30 yards of the target for [ 69.3% of Spell Power ] over 7 sec. Healing starts high and declines over the duration. Tree of Life: Affects an additional 2 targets. Can't be cast in Cat Form, Travel Form, Bear Form, Moonkin Form. Druid - Restoration Spec. Druid - Restoration Spec. 30% 28% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. 1.5 sec cast. 10 sec cooldown.


 Hunter Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Binding Shot  Breaking the tether of Binding Shot will root the target in place for 5 8 sec 3 sec PvP. 100 yd range. Instant.
Binding Shot  Fires a magical projectile, tethering the enemy and any other enemies within 5 yards for 10 sec, rooting them in place for 5 8 sec if they move more than 5 yards from the arrow. Hunter - Level 75 Talent. Hunter - Level 75 Talent. 30 yd range. Instant. 45 sec cooldown.


Survival

Butchery  Strike Attack all nearby enemies in a flurry of strikes, inflicting [ 80% of Attack Power ] Physical damage to each. Reduces the remaining cooldown on Wildfire Bomb by 1 sec for each target hit, up to 5. Requires Two-Handed Melee Weapon. 3 charges. Survival Hunter - Level 30 Talent. Survival Hunter - Level 30 Talent. 30 Focus. 8 yd range. Instant. 9 sec recharge. 3 charges.
Carve New  Carve reduces the remaining cooldown on Wildfire Bomb by 1 sec for each target hit, up to 5. Hunter - Survival Spec. Hunter - Survival Spec.


 Monk Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Windwalker

Energizing Elixir  Chug an Energizing Elixir, refilling all your Energy and instantly generate 2 Chi granting 2 Chi and generating 75 Energy over 5 sec. Windwalker Monk - Level 45 Talent. Windwalker Monk - Level 45 Talent. Instant. 60 sec cooldown. 1 sec global cooldown.


 Paladin Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Avenging Wrath  Holy: Call upon the Light to become an avatar of retribution, increasing your damage, healing, and critical strike chance by 20% for 20 sec. Instant. 2 min cooldown. Your first Holy Shock will critically strike. Protection: Call upon the Light to become an avatar of retribution, increasing your damage, healing, and critical strike chance by 20% for 20 sec. Your first Judgment will critically strike. Retribution: Call upon the Light to become an avatar of retribution, increasing your damage, healing, and critical strike chance by 20% for 20 sec. Your first Templar's Verdict or Divine Storm will critically strike. Instant. 2 min cooldown.


 Rogue Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Outlaw

Adrenaline Rush  Increases your Energy regeneration rate by [ 60 + 25% of Spell Power ]%, your maximum Energy by 200 and your attack speed by 20% for 20 sec. Rogue - Outlaw Spec. Rogue - Outlaw Spec. Instant. 3 min cooldown. 0.8 sec global cooldown.


 Shaman Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Elemental

Lightning Lasso  Grips the target in lightning, stunning the target and dealing O2% of the target's maximum health in Nature damage over 5 sec. Can move while channeling. PvP Talent. PvP Talent. 20 yd range. 5 sec cast Channeled. 30 sec cooldown. Requires Shaman. Requires level 40+.


Restoration

Ascendance  Transform into a Water Ascendant for 15 sec, causing all healing you deal to be duplicated and immediately healing for [ 600% of Spell Power ] and duplicating all healing you deal distributed evenly among nearby allies. Restoration Shaman - Level 100 Talent. Restoration Shaman - Level 100 Talent. Instant. 3 min cooldown.
Restoration Shaman  Restoration Shaman core passive Increases damage/healing by 46%: Ascendance: Chain Heal, Downpour, Earth Shield, Healing Rain, Healing Stream Totem, Healing Surge, Healing Wave, Restorative Mists, Riptide, Tidebringer, Unleash Life, Wellspring Increases periodic damage/healing by 46%: Ascendance: Chain Heal, Downpour, Earth Shield, Healing Rain, Healing Stream Totem, Healing Surge, Healing Wave, Restorative Mists, Riptide, Tidebringer, Unleash Life, Wellspring Increases damage/healing by 55%: Chain Lightning, Earthquake, Flame Shock, Flametongue Attack, Lava Burst, Lightning Bolt, Stormstrike, Stormstrike Off-Hand, Windfury Attack, Windstrike, Windstrike Off-Hand Increases periodic damage/healing by 55%: Chain Lightning, Earthquake, Flame Shock, Flametongue Attack, Lava Burst, Lightning Bolt, Stormstrike, Stormstrike Off-Hand, Windfury Attack, Windstrike, Windstrike Off-Hand Increases damage/healing by 14%: Lava Burst Shaman - Restoration Spec. Shaman - Restoration Spec.


 Warrior Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Arms

Execute  Attempts to finish off a foe, causing up to [ 161.2% [ 174% of Attack Power ] Physical damage based on Rage spent. Only usable on enemies that have less than 20% health. If your foe survives, 20% of the Rage spent is refunded. Requires Melee Weapon. Warrior - Arms Spec. Warrior - Arms Spec. 20 Rage. Melee range. Instant.
Mortal Strike  A vicious strike that deals [ 110% [ 119% of Attack Power ] Physical damage and reduces the effectiveness of healing on the target by 25% for 10 sec. Requires Two-Handed Melee Weapon. Warrior - Arms Spec. Warrior - Arms Spec. 30 Rage. Melee range. Instant. 6 sec cooldown.
Overpower  Overpower the enemy, dealing [ 70% [ 75.6% of Attack Power ] Physical damage. Cannot be blocked, dodged, or parried. Increases the damage of your next Mortal Strike by 20%, stacking up to 2 times. Requires Melee Weapon. 1 charge. Warrior - Arms Spec. Warrior - Arms Spec. Melee range. Instant. 12 sec recharge. 1 charge.
Rend  Wounds the target, causing [ 23.21% [ 25% of Attack Power ] Physical damage instantly and an additional [ 81.12% [ 87.6% of Attack Power ] Bleed damage over 12 sec. Requires Melee Weapon. Arms Warrior - Level 45 Talent. Arms Warrior - Level 45 Talent. 30 Rage. Melee range. Instant.
Slam  Slams an opponent, causing [ 55.61% [ 60% of Attack Power ] Physical damage. Requires Two-Handed Melee Weapon. Warrior - Arms Spec. Warrior - Arms Spec. 20 Rage. Melee range. Instant.


Protection

Morale Killer  Reduces the cooldown of Demoralizing Shout by 30 15 sec, and Demoralizing Shout now reduces the damage enemies deal to all targets, not just you. PvP Talent. PvP Talent. Requires Warrior. Requires level 40+.


Azerite Traits

Dagger in the Back  Your damaging spells and abilities have a chance to fling a dagger at your target, causing them to bleed for 112 100 Physical damage over 12 sec, stacking up to 4 times. Stabbing them in the back applies 2 stacks.
Treacherous Covenant  Your primary stat is increased by 166 150 while you are above 50% health. You take 15% increased damage while below 20% health.


 Death Knight Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Bloody Runeblade  When Crimson Scourge activates, you gain 37 0 Haste for 5 sec, and immediately gain 5 Runic Power.


 Druid Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Streaking Stars  While Celestial Alignment is active, your damaging spells call a Streaking Star, dealing an additional 156 180 damage when they are not a repeat of the previous ability.


 Hunter Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Dance of Death  Barbed Shot has a chance equal to your critical strike chance to grant you 328 Agility for 8 sec. 393 Agility for 8 sec.
Feeding Frenzy  Barbed Shot deals 1,492 276 additional damage over its duration, and Frenzy's duration is increased to 9.0 sec.
Rapid Reload  Multi-Shots that damage more than 2 targets fire an additional wave of bullets, dealing 42 84 damage and reducing the cooldown of your Aspects by 1 sec.
Focused Fire  Rapid Fire deals an additional 272 313 damage over its duration, and each shot has a 30% chance to generate 2 additional Focus.
Blur of Talons  During Coordinated Assault, Mongoose Bite increases your Agility by 94 63 and your Speed by 52 for 6 sec. Stacks up to 5 times.


 Mage Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Arcane Pummeling  Clearcasting procs 10% more often, and each wave of a Clearcast Arcane Missiles deals 122 26 more damage than the previous.
Wildfire  Pyroblast deals 63 44 additional damage. When you activate Combustion, you gain 768 Critical Strike, and up to 4 nearby allies gain 96 Critical Strike for 10 sec.


 Monk Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Fury of Xuen  Your Combo Strikes grant a stacking 2% 1.0% chance for your next Fists of Fury to grant 0 Haste and invoke Xuen, The White Tiger for 8 sec.


 Paladin Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Light's Decree  Spending Holy Power during Avenging Wrath causes you to explode with Holy light for 80 56 damage per Holy Power spent to nearby enemies. Avenging Wrath's duration is increased by 5 sec.


 Priest Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Searing Dialogue  Mind Sear deals an additional 67 44 damage to enemies suffering from your Shadow Word: Pain and snares all enemies hit by 30%.


 Shaman Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Igneous Potential Elemental  Your Lava Burst deals 34 84 additional damage, and your Lava Surge chance is increased to 18%.
Igneous Potential Restoration  Your Lava Burst deals 34 84 additional damage, and your Lava Surge chance is increased to 23%.
Igneous Potential  Restoration: Your Lava Burst deals 34 84 additional damage, and your Lava Surge chance is increased to 23%.
Primal Primer  Melee attacks with Flametongue active increase the damage the target takes from your next Lava Lash by 14 10, stacking up to 10 times.
Strength of Earth  Rockbiter causes your next melee ability, other than Rockbiter, to deal an additional 123 Nature damage. 86 Nature damage.


 Warlock Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Pandemic Invocation  Refreshing Corruption, Agony, or Siphon Life with less than 5 seconds remaining will deal 68 79 Shadow damage and has a 6.66% chance to grant you a Soul Shard.
Umbral Blaze  Your Hand of Guldan has a 15% chance to burn its target for 172 258 additional Shadowflame damage every 2 sec for 6 sec.


Item Effects

Absorbing  Absorb Hati's essence into the Thunderspark. 10 20 yd range. 10 sec cast Channeled. 10 sec cooldown.
Absorbing  Absorb Hati's essence into the Thunderspark. 10 20 yd range. 10 sec cast Channeled. 10 sec cooldown.
Alliance Glider New  Reduces your falling speed for 2 min. Instant. 3 min cooldown.
Charged Sparkstone New  Bring out the latent power in Hati's lightning, visually enhancing Hati's abilities. Instant.
Create Belt New  Create a soulbound item appropriate for your loot specialization. 3 sec cast. Reagents: Plundered Belt.
Create Boot New  Create a soulbound item appropriate for your loot specialization. 3 sec cast. Reagents: Plundered Boots.
Create Bracer New  Create a soulbound item appropriate for your loot specialization. 3 sec cast. Reagents: Plundered Bracers.
Create Chest New  Create a soulbound item appropriate for your loot specialization. 3 sec cast. Reagents: Plundered Chestpiece.
Create Cloak New  Create a soulbound item appropriate for your loot specialization. 3 sec cast. Reagents: Plundered Cloak.
Create Glove New  Create a soulbound item appropriate for your loot specialization. 3 sec cast. Reagents: Plundered Gloves.
Create Helm New  Create a soulbound item appropriate for your loot specialization. 3 sec cast. Reagents: Plundered Headgear.
Create Legs New  Create a soulbound item appropriate for your loot specialization. 3 sec cast. Reagents: Plundered Leggings.
Create Neck New  Create a soulbound item appropriate for your loot specialization. 3 sec cast. Reagents: Plundered Necklace.
Create Ring New  Create a soulbound item appropriate for your loot specialization. 3 sec cast. Reagents: Plundered Ring.
Create Shoulder New  Create a soulbound item appropriate for your loot specialization. 3 sec cast. Reagents: Plundered Shoulderpads.
Create Trinket New  Create a soulbound item appropriate for your loot specialization. 3 sec cast. Reagents: Plundered Trinket.
Damaged Diving Helmet New  Increases swimming speed by 100%. Instant.
Disguised New  Disguises the user as one of a variety of creatures from across the world. Instant.
Gladiator's Emblem  Increases maximum health by 15,998 19,182 for 20 sec. Instant. 1.5 min cooldown.
Gladiator's Maledict  After 1.5 sec, launch void energy at the target, dealing 1,817 1,199 Shadow damage and absorbing up to 3,661 healing for 6 sec. 50 yd range. Instant. 100 yd range. Instant.
Gladiator's Maledict  After 1.5 sec, launch void energy at the target, dealing 1,817 1,199 Shadow damage and absorbing up to 3,661 healing for 6 sec. 50 40 yd range. Instant. 2 min cooldown.
Gladiator's Safeguard  Falling below 3,500% 25% health grants you a shield that absorbs 0 2,299 damage for 6 sec. This effect may occur once every two minutes.
Horde Glider New  Reduces your falling speed for 2 min. Instant. 3 min cooldown.
Ink Siphon  Siphons the blood of the dead around you, restoring your own health in the process. 2 sec cast. 20 yd range. 2 sec cast.
Ironspine Protocol New  Enhance Hati's size and constitution, allowing mounting. Instant.
Jolt Jerky New  Feed Hati a special treat, healing a small amount of damage. Sometimes, Hati may become too excited and viciously lick your face, dealing Nature damage. Instant.
Mallet of Thunderous Skins  Increases Haste by 25% for all party and raid members. Lasts 40 sec. Allies receiving this effect Increases your Haste by 25%. Lasts 40 sec. You will become Exhausted and be unable to benefit from Bloodlust, Heroism or Time Warp again for 10 min. Instant. 5 min cooldown.
Mallet of Thunderous Skins  Allows you to interact with Drums of Primal Might, empowering you in some way.
Rubber Ball New  Throw the ball for Hati. Instant.
Silas' Potion of Prosperity New  Increases your chance to create extra items from your Zandalari Alchemy recipe list. Instant.
Silas' Potion of Prosperity New  Increases your chance to create extra items from your Kul Tiran Alchemy recipe list. Instant.
Voltweave Fez New  Give the fez to Hati. Instant.


Professions
Engineering

Ub3r-Module: Boom Bots  Instant. Reagents: Monelite Ore. Create an Ub3r Module: Short-Fused Boom Bot. Engineering. Engineering. Instant. Reagents: Monelite Ore.
Ub3r-Module: S3ntry MK X8.0  Instant. Reagents: Monelite Ore. Create an Ub3r Module: Ub3r S3ntry MK X8.0. Engineering. Engineering. Instant. Reagents: Monelite Ore.
Ub3r-Module: Ub3r-Improved Target Dummy  Instant. Reagents: Monelite Ore. Create an Ub3r Construct: Ub3r-Improved Target Dummy. Engineering. Engineering. Instant. Reagents: Monelite Ore.


Leatherworking

Drum of Primal Might  Name changed from "Drums of Primal Might" to "Drum of Primal Might". Create a Drum of Primal Might. Leatherworking. Leatherworking. 3.5 2.5 sec cast. Reagents: Supple Hides x 2, Etched Bones x 3, Cleaned Brilliant Scales.
Mallet of Thunderous Skins  Create the Create a Mallet of Thunderous Skins. Leatherworking. Leatherworking. 2 3 sec cast. Reagents: Coarse Leather x 5.


Raid & Dungeon Abilities

Grievous Axe  Throws an axe at a random enemy, inflicting 50 40 Physical damage initially and then inflicting 20 Physical damage every 1.5 sec until healed past 90% of maximum health. 50 yd range. 0.5 sec cast.
Liquid Gold  Covers a player in Liquid Gold, inflicting 25 Fire damage every 3 sec. for 12 sec. When removed, creates a pile of Molten Gold at the player's location. Limited to 3 targets. Unlimited range. Instant. 2 targets. Unlimited range. Instant.
Necrotic Core  Picks up Necrotic Shadow Core, inflicting 10 Shadow damage every 1 sec for 20 sec. While carrying Necrotic Shadow Core the player can cast Discharge Necrotic Core. Instant.
Plague of Toads  King Rastakhan unleashes a swarm of giant toads that hop forward leaving puddles of Poison Toad Slime behind them. If the toads collide with anyone they explode, inflicting 15 every 1.5 sec for 12 sec to everyone within 5 yds. This effect stacks. 100 yd range. 3 sec cast.
Plague of Toads  King Rastakhan unleashes a swarm of giant toads that hop forward leaving puddles of Poison Toad Slime behind them. If the toads collide with anyone they explode, inflicting 15 every 1.5 sec for 12 sec to everyone within 5 yds. This effect stacks. 10 yd range. Instant.
Seal of Bwonsamdi  The Phantom of Retribution unleashes deathly missiles, inflicting 50 40 Shadow damage to players within 4 yards. Impacts that are not absorbed trigger Bwonsamdi's Wrath. Unlimited range. Instant.
Tempting Song  Unlimited range. Instant. Tempts a nearby player, causing them to walk towards the caster. If the target reaches their destination, they jump off the ship. Tempting Song also inflicts 4 Nature damage every 1 sec. Unlimited range. Instant.
Toad Toxin  King Rastakhan unleashes a swarm of giant toads that hop forward leaving puddles of Poison Toad Slime behind them. If the toads collide with anyone they explode, inflicting 15 every 1.5 sec for 12 sec to everyone within 5 yds. This effect stacks. Instant.




String Changes

SPELL_FAILED_CUSTOM_ERROR_390 New - You already have a Silas' Sphere of Transmuation.
SPELL_FAILED_CUSTOM_ERROR_391 New - You do not have the Mallet of Thunderous Skins.




Misc Changes
Battle Masters

Arathi Basin - Brawl. Level: 110-120. Players: 4-6. Rated players: 6. Map: Arathi Basin. Classic Arathi Basin.
Arathi Basin - Brawl. Level: 120. Players: 8-15. Rated players: 10. Map: Arathi Basin AI Test. Comp Stomp.
Arathi Basin Comp Stomp - Name changed from "Arathi Basin AI Test" to "Arathi Basin Comp Stomp". Players: 1-15. Rated players: 10. Map: Arathi Basin AI Test. Comp Stomp.
Brawl 11 - Brawl. Level: 110-120. Players: 4-6. Rated players: 6. Maps: Classic Warsong Gulch, Seething Shore, Silvershard Mines, Temple of Kotmogu, Warsong Gulch.
Classic Arathi Basin - Name changed from "Arathi Basin" to "Classic Arathi Basin". Domination. Level: 10-120. Players: 8-15. Rated players: 10. Map: Arathi Basin. Classic Arathi Basin.
Classic Warsong Gulch - Name changed from "Warsong Gulch" to "Classic Warsong Gulch". Capture the Flag. Level: 10-120. Players: 5-10. Rated players: 10. Map: Warsong Gulch. Classic Warsong Gulch.
Random Epic Battleground - Level: 20-120. Players: 5-40. Maps: Alterac Valley, Isle of Conquest. Battle for Wintergrasp, Isle of Conquest.
Rated Battleground - Level: 120. Players: 5-10. Rated players: 10. Maps: Arathi Basin, Deepwind Gorge, Rated Eye of the Storm, Seething Shore, Silvershard Mines, Temple of Kotmogu, The Battle for Gilneas, Twin Peaks, Warsong Gulch.
Warsong Gulch - Brawl. Level: 110-120. Players: 4-6. Rated players: 6. Map: Warsong Gulch. Classic Warsong Gulch.


Currency Types
Hidden

BFA Season Rated Participation Currency - Max Quantity: 20000. 30000.


Keystone Affixes

Bursting - When slain, non-boss enemies explode, causing all players to suffer 5% 14% of their max health in damage over 4 sec. This effect stacks.


LFG Dungeons
Dungeons

Arathi Basin Comp Stomp - - Capture objectives
- Slay enemies
- Win. Map: Arathi Basin AI Test Comp Stomp. Level 100+. Suggested level: 100. Roles: 15 damage.


Raids

10v10 Rated Battleground - Map Map: Classic: Warsong Gulch. Level 100. Suggested level: 85. Roles: .


Map Areas
Kul Tiras

Stormsong Valley > Tiffin's Melody - Name changed from "Stormsong Valley > Kul Tiran Flagship" to "Stormsong Valley > Tiffin's Melody".


Northrend

Wintergrasp > Uncharted Territory New
Wintergrasp > Wintergrasp River - Name changed from "Sholazar Basin > Wintergrasp River" to "Wintergrasp > Wintergrasp River".


Unknown

Stormwind City > Tiffin's Melody - Name changed from "Stormwind City > Kul Tiran Flagship" to "Stormwind City > Tiffin's Melody".


Map Difficulties

Arathi Basin Comp Stomp - Name changed from "Arathi Basin AI Test" to "Arathi Basin Comp Stomp".
Classic Arathi Basin - Name changed from "Arathi Basin" to "Classic Arathi Basin".
Classic Warsong Gulch - Name changed from "Warsong Gulch" to "Classic Warsong Gulch".


Maps
Battle for Azeroth

Arathi Basin Comp Stomp - Name changed from "Arathi Basin AI Test" to "Arathi Basin Comp Stomp".
Battle for Wintergrasp - Directory: WintergraspEpic. Type: Battleground.Horde Description: "An ancient Titan stronghold built to protect the Vault of Archavon. Horde and Alliance forces battle furiously for control of the place, eager to seize the artifacts and relics held within the vault for their battle against the Lich King. An ancient Titan stronghold built to protect the Vault of Archavon. Horde and Alliance forces battle furiously for control of the place, eager to seize the artifacts and relics held within the vault for their battle against the Lich King.". Alliance Description: "An ancient Titan stronghold built to protect the Vault of Archavon. Horde and Alliance forces battle furiously for control of the place, eager to seize the artifacts and relics held within the vault for their battle against the Lich King.". PvP Objective: "Defend or Assault Wintergrasp". PvP Description: "- Defenders win by keeping Wintergrasp Fortress until the end of match - Assaulting faction wins by destroying the final wall of the Wintergrasp Fortress, and capturing the Titan Artifact".


Vanilla

Classic Arathi Basin - Name changed from "Arathi Basin" to "Classic Arathi Basin".
Classic Warsong Gulch - Name changed from "Warsong Gulch" to "Classic Warsong Gulch".


Mounts
Flying Mounts

G.M.O.D. - Ground Flying Mount. G.M.O.D.  "Garishly sporting extreme amounts of goblin flair, Gallywix commissioned his Mech of Death to one up Mekkatorque in combat and more importantly in style." Source: Drop: High Tinker Mekkatorque Zone: Battle of Dazar'alor
Hogrus, Swine of Good Fortune New - Flying Mount. Hogrus, Swine of Good Fortune  "Hogrus was first seen by Emperor Shaohao on the third day of his meditation, and is considered by the Pandaren to be a sign of good fortune to come to those who take action." Source: In-Game Shop
Spirit of Eche'ro - Ground Flying Mount. Spirit of Eche'ro  "The spirit of Huln Highmountain's pet moose." Source: Profession: Archaeology


World Safe Locations
Zandalar

Raal DC location New