chaud2019-05-07, 01:34 AMPatch 8.1.5 Hotfixes - May 6, 2019
Dungeons and Raids
Crucible of Storms

The Restless Cabal

Reduced the health of Fa'thuul the Feared, Zaxasj the Speaker, Visage from Beyond, and Trident of Deep Ocean for groups in Raid Finder, Normal, and Heroic difficulties.

Developers’ note: We’ve changed the health scaling on some enemies in The Restless Cabal encounter. Now a 10-player raid should see a 15% reduction in health while a 30-player raid should see the affected enemies have about the same health as before.




Patch 8.2 PTR - War Campaign Scenario "Stay of Execution"
The war campaign continues on the 8.2 PTR. It has both factions take part in a scenario to rescue Baine.


Alliance

As of now, the first quest, Payment in Kind, starts from Jaina in Nazjatar. She tells you that Anduin has requested your presence. Upon arriving at the Stormwind Keep with Jaina and Shaw, you are informed that they have discovered that Baine is to be executed. Jaina volunteers to lead a small group to save him from where he is being held underneath Orgrimmar.
You then speak to Jaina to start the "Stay of Execution" scenario. She ports you in right on top of a small romantic picnic set up. As you walk forward, you find out that the picnic was meant as a surprise from one female off-duty mech jockey goblin to another. Shaw unlocks the gate just as they arrive, and Jaina freezes them. Poor ladies!
As you move forward, you are attacked by a few goblin azerite researchers. Jaina notices that they seem to be developing Azerite weapons down here.
You fight your way through some unpaid interns and destroy some goblin mechs. Jaina and Shaw discuss how the goblins should be using their technology to develop ways to save the world instead of destroy it. You eventually reach another gate.
Here, you and Jaina fend off waves of Forsaken guards as Shaw deals with the lock. He takes longer than usual, and Jaina suggests that she try a spell, but he says it will not be needed as the gate isn't much of a challenge compared to Rastakhan's treasury. You fight an elite goblin mech, Unit One-Thirty-Seven, who taunts Jaina by saying, "Beware, beware this, toots" before attacking you.
You then stumble upon none other than Thrall and Saurfang, who are also there to rescue Baine. The group agrees to work together, but don't have much trust between them.

Horde

You receive the quest Visions of Danger from Lor'themar in Nazjatar. Lor'themar informs you that Spiritwalker Ussoh had a vision he wishes to share with you. Upon speaking to him, you are infromed that he saw Baine imprisoned and his life flickered out by the warchief before the next sunrise. 
Lor'themar says this must be stopped. He says he has followed Sylvanas for a long time, but can not allow her to execute Baine. He sends you to speak with old allies that he contacted, Saurfang and Thrall. 

If you sided with Saurfang, you arrive in Orgrimmar to find them talking with Rokhan and agree to help.
If you sided with Sylvanas, you have the option to inform Nathanos of Lor'themar's treachery. He tells you to play along and you head to Saurfang and Thrall to help.

Inside, you sneak past Forsaken guards with the help of a totem given to Thrall by Rokhan. Thrall and Saurfang then have you provide a distraction seeing as how you are still a hero of the Horde. 
The totem's magic runs out and so you must approach Dark Ranger Lyana, request a duel, and then inspect the troops nearby. After, you reconvene with Thrall and Saurfang and find the Alliance is also here to rescue Baine. The two groups agree to work together.

Both Factions

At this point, the events play out the same regardless of faction.
You fight your way through more dark rangers and Forsaken guards, eventually dealing with an orc wolf trainer, Rowa Bloodstrike, before reaching Baine. It is here that there is a cutscene to reveal that this is a trap.
The Sunreaver Magister Hathorel stops the group from freeing him by having his elite mages channel barriers on wards around the room. Shaw works on Baine's lock while you take care of two Dark Rangers, Thanel and Zanra. You then take on a Dark Warden Lyani Shadestalker.
After the enemies are dealth with, Jaina uses her frost magic to remove the barriers from the mages around the room, allowing your team to kill them and destroy the wards one by one. When all are defeated, Magister Hathorel attacks. He ice blocks when he is near death, and the group teleports out with Baine.

As Alliance, you are taken back to your camp in Nazjatar where Jaina discusses what transpired with Greymane. He is a little reluctant to work with the Horde after all they have done, but Jaina convinces him that they need to redirect their efforts against Azshara instead of the Horde which may buy time for Saurfang's rebellion to take root.
As Horde, you return to Lor'themar in Nazjatar. He is surprised that the Alliance helped out, and Thalyssra reminds him that not long ago the two factions worked together to help her in Suramar. She then suggests that they redirect their focus to Azshara instead of the Alliance, a plan that Lor'themar agrees with, especially because it will anger Nathanos. He recalls back to the events of Pandaria in which Taran Zhu told him and Jaina that it stops when you turn from one another and walk away.

If you sided with Sylvanas, you can then speak to Nathanos, who informs you that it was part of the plan to let them escape. He returns to Orgrimmar after stating that your loyalty will soon have a greater test.





<div class="gallery" id="bainescenario">          
          
          
          
         

                    
          
         

                   

          

     </div>