chaud2018-10-31, 03:31 PMPatch 8.1.0 PTR - Build 28294
Build 28294 was deployed to the PTR last night.


                    

         
  

  

    

  


Achievement Changes
Appearances
Collections

Tall, Dark, and Sinister New  Collect any armor set from PvP Season 27 or the Darkshore Warfront. 10 points. Account Wide.


Battle
Pet Battles

Beast Mode  Defeat 15 Master Tamers on Kul Tiras or Zandalar with all a team of all level 25 Beast pets. 5 points. Account Wide.
Critters With Huge Teeth  Defeat 15 Master Tamers on Kul Tiras or Zandalar with all a team of all level 25 Critter pets. 5 points. Account Wide.
Dragons Make Everything Better  Defeat 15 Master Tamers on Kul Tiras or Zandalar with all a team of all level 25 Dragon pets. 5 points. Account Wide.
Element of Success  Defeat 15 Master Tamers on Kul Tiras or Zandalar with all a team of all level 25 Elemental pets. 5 points. Account Wide.
Fun With Flying  Defeat 15 Master Tamers on Kul Tiras or Zandalar with all a team of all level 25 Flying pets. 5 points. Account Wide.
Hobbyist Aquarist  Defeat 15 Master Tamers on Kul Tiras or Zandalar with all a team of all level 25 Aquatic pets. 5 points. Account Wide.
Human Resources  Defeat 15 Master Tamers on Kul Tiras or Zandalar with all a team of all level 25 Humanoid pets. 5 points. Account Wide.
Machine Learning  Defeat 15 Master Tamers on Kul Tiras or Zandalar with all a team of all level 25 Mechanical pets. 5 points. Account Wide.
Magician's Secrets  Defeat 15 Master Tamers on Kul Tiras or Zandalar with all a team of all level 25 Magic pets. 5 points. Account Wide.
Not Quite Dead Yet  Defeat 15 Master Tamers on Kul Tiras or Zandalar with all a team of all level 25 Undead pets. 5 points. Account Wide.


Battle for Azeroth
Quests

Come On and Slam  Kill 30 sin'dorei with a single cast of Rising Tide during the Nazmir assault World Quest "Cleansing Tide". 5 points. Tide." 5 points.
Doomsoul Surprise New  Complete the Drustvar Assault World Quest "Lights Out" with a single Doomsoul. 5 points.
Pushing the Payload New  Slay 6 enemies while on the assault world quest "Get On The Payload". 5 points.
Pushing the Payload New  Slay 6 enemies while on the assault world quest "Stack on the Tank". 5 points.
Scavenge like a Vulpera New  Complete a digsite while dressed like a vulpera during the Vol'dun Assault World Quest "Vulpera for a Day." 5 points.
Upright Citizens  Recruit three extra citizens during the Assault quest "Not Too Sober Citizens Brigade". Item Reward: Citizens Brigade Whistle. 5 points.


Battle Raid
Dungeons & Raids

Hidden Dragon New  Hatch the cloud serpent egg during the Jadefire Masters encounter in the Battle of Dazar'alor on Normal difficulty of higher. 10 points.
Mythic: Jadefire Masters New  Defeat the Jadefire Masters in the Battle of Dazar'alor on Mythic difficulty. 10 points.
Mythic: Jadefire Masters New  Defeat the Jadefire Masters in the Battle of Dazar'alor on Mythic difficulty. 10 points.
Mythic: Lady Jaina Proudmoore  Defeat Lady Jaina Proudmoore in Battle of Dazar'alor on Mythic difficulty. 10 points. Title Reward: Hero of Dazar'alor. 10 points.
Snow Fun Allowed  Name changed from "Snow Plowed" to "Snow Fun Allowed".


Dungeons
Feats of Strength

Battle for Azeroth Keystone Conqueror: Season One  Complete all Battle for Azeroth Mythic dungeons at Season One dungeons at Mythic Level 10 or higher within the time limit, before the end of the first Mythic Keystone season.
Battle for Azeroth Keystone Conqueror: Season Two New  Complete all Battle for Azeroth Season Two dungeons at Mythic Level 10 or higher, within the time limit.
Battle for Azeroth Keystone Master: Season One  Complete all Battle for Azeroth Mythic dungeons at Season One dungeons at Mythic Level 15 or higher within the time limit, before the end of the first Mythic Keystone season.
Battle for Azeroth Keystone Master: Season Two New  Complete all Battle for Azeroth Season Two dungeons at Mythic Level 15 or higher, within the time limit.


Island Expeditions
Expansion Features

Island Conqueror  Complete at least 7 of Complete the Mythic Island Expeditions achievements listed below. 10 points. Account Wide.
Island Slayer  Complete at least 7 of Complete the PvP Island Expeditions achievements listed below. 10 points. Account Wide.


Reputation

10 Exalted Reputations  Raise 10 reputations to Exalted. 10 points.Account Wide.
100 Exalted Reputations  Raise 100 reputations to Exalted. Title Reward: Esteemed. 20 points. Rewards: Pureheart Courser Mount and Esteemed Title. 20 points. Account Wide.
15 Exalted Reputations  Raise 15 reputations to Exalted. 10 points.Account Wide.
20 Exalted Reputations  Raise 20 reputations to Exalted. 10 points.Account Wide.
25 Exalted Reputations  Raise 25 reputations to Exalted. 10 points.Account Wide.
30 Exalted Reputations  Raise 30 reputations to Exalted. 10 points.Account Wide.
35 Exalted Reputations  Raise 35 reputations to Exalted. 10 points.Account Wide.
40 Exalted Reputations  Raise 40 reputations to Exalted. Title Reward: The Exalted. 10 points.Account Wide.
45 Exalted Reputations  Raise 45 reputations to Exalted. 10 points.Account Wide.
5 Exalted Reputations  Raise 5 reputations to Exalted. 10 points.Account Wide.
50 Exalted Reputations  Raise 50 reputations to Exalted. 10 points.Account Wide.
55 Exalted Reputations  Raise 55 reputations to Exalted. 10 points.Account Wide.
60 Exalted Reputations  Raise 60 reputations to Exalted. Title Reward: The Beloved. 10 points.Account Wide.
70 Exalted Reputations  Raise 70 reputations to Exalted. 10 points.Account Wide.
80 Exalted Reputations  Raise 80 reputations to Exalted. Title Reward: The Admired. 10 points.Account Wide.
90 Exalted Reputations  Raise 90 reputations to Exalted. 10 points.Account Wide.
Somebody Likes Me  Raise a reputation to Exalted. 10 points.Account Wide.


World
Player vs. Player

Boxing Match New  Slay an Extra Buff Peon without losing your Burly Deckhand during the Zuldazar Assault world quest "Crate n' Barrel" in War Mode. 5 points.
Boxing Match New  Slay a Burly Deckhand without losing your Extra Buff Peon during the Zuldazar Assault world quest "Crate n' Barrel" in War Mode. 5 points.
One Shot, One Kill New  Kill a player using the No Fly Zone Enforcer during the Zuldazar Assault world quest "Hard Landing". 5 points.
One Shot, One Kill New  Kill a player using the X-52 Delevitator during the Zuldazar Assault world quest "Gravity Matters". 5 points.
Supplied and Ready  While in War Mode loot the secret supply chest in each zone. 5 points. Loot the Secret Supply Chests in Kul Tiras and Zandalar during an active Assault while in War Mode. 5 points.
War Supplied  Open a War Supply Crate from a an air supply drop while within War Mode. 10 points.




Azerite Traits

Azerite Empowered  Increases the item level of this item by 5. Increases Item Level by 5 and increases the potency of all Azerite powers granted by this item.
Bonded Souls  Your spells and abilities have a chance to trigger a Soulbond. When this occurs, every 5 for 20 sec bond with the soul of your nearest ally, granting you both 624 primary stat for 5 sec and healing each of you for 3,798. for 20 sec. During Soulbond, every 5 sec you and your nearest ally are both healed for 3,798 and gain 624 Haste for 5 sec.
Combined Might  Your abilities have a chance to plant a factional banner for 10 sec, empowering yourself banner representing a Horde race for 10 sec, granting you and up to 4 allies with the spirit of the Horde. 132 of their primary stat or 277 of a secondary stat.
Seductive Power  During combat, Bwonsamdi's spectral visage has a chance to appear near you Your spells and abilities have a chance to conjure Bwonsamdi's spectral visage, beckoning you closer. If you approach him, gain 28 to all stats for 5 min, stacking up to 5 times. If you fail to heed his call, lose 1 stack.
Stronger Together  Your abilities have a chance to plant a factional banner for 10 sec, empowering yourself banner representing an Alliance race for 10 sec, granting you and up to 4 allies with the spirit of the Alliance. 132 of their primary stat or 277 of a secondary stat.


 Death Knight Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Magus of the Dead  Apocalypse and Army of the Damned additionally summon a Magus of the Dead who hurls Frostbolts and Shadowbolts for 30 sec who hurls Frostbolts and Shadow Bolts at your foes, dealing 156 damage each.


 Demon Hunter Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Thrive in Chaos  Havoc: Each Fury spent heals you for 2 Health. Vengeance: Each Pain spent heals you for 4 Health.


 Mage Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Blaster Master  Fire Blast increases your Mastery by 0 for 3 sec.This effect stacks.


 Monk Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Glory of the Dawn  Rising Sun Kick has a 25% chance to trigger a second time, dealing 638 Physical damage and restoring 1 Chi.


 Rogue Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Replicating Shadows  Each combo point spent has an 10% chance to cause your Nightblade to deal 124 Shadow damage and replicate to a nearby enemy.


 Shaman Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Ancestral Resonance  While under the effects of Heroism, your Mastery increases by 0 every second, stacking up to 20 times. Your spells and abilities have a chance to increase your Mastery by 0 for 20 sec. Heroism's duration is increased to 60 seconds on you, and Ancestral Resonance's chance to activate is greatly increased during Heroism.
Igneous Potential  Elemental: Your Lava Burst deals 40 additional damage, and your Lava Surge chance is increased to 18%.Restoration: Your Lava Burst deals 40 additional damage, and your Lava Surge chance is increased to 23%.
Thunderaan's Fury  Stormstrike deals 51 additional damage, and has a 13% chance to summon Thunderaan's Fury Totem, increasing doubling the chance to activate Windfury Weapon by 100% for 12 sec. for 12 sec.
Overflowing Shores  Your Healing Rain is 10% larger, and casting Healing Rain instantly restores 104 health to allies within its area.and its radius is increased to 12 yds.



Spell Changes
Mounts

Azureshell Krolusk  Name changed from "Wild Blue Venomtail" to "Azureshell Krolusk".
Dazar'alor Windreaver  Name changed from "Ravaging Skyterror" to "Dazar'alor Windreaver". Summons and dismisses your Armored Skyterror Dazar'alor Windreaver. This mount changes depending on your Riding skill and location. Account wide. Account wide. 1.5 sec cast.
G.M.O.D.  Name changed from "G.M.O.D. Mk1" to "G.M.O.D.". Summons and dismisses your Gilded Edtion G.M.O.D. This mount changes depending on your Riding skill and location. Account wide. Account wide. 1.5 sec cast.
Glacial Tidestorm New  Summons and dismisses your Glacial Tidestorm. This mount changes depending on your riding skill and location. Account wide. Account wide. 1.5 sec cast.
Rubyshell Krolusk  Name changed from "Wild Red Venomtail" to "Rubyshell Krolusk".


Companions

Albatross Hatchling New  Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Battle Pet. Battle Pet. Instant.
Cobalt Raven New  Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Battle Pet. Battle Pet. Instant.
Crimson Bat Pup New  Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Battle Pet. Battle Pet. Instant.
Rebuilt Gorilla Bot New  Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Battle Pet. Battle Pet. Instant.
Rebuilt Mechanical Spider New  Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Battle Pet. Battle Pet. Instant.
Violet Abyssal Eel New  Right Click to summon and dismiss this companion. Battle Pet. Battle Pet. Instant.


 Death Knight Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Dark Simulacrum  Places a dark ward on an enemy player that persists for 12 sec, triggering when the enemy next spends mana on a spell, and allowing the Death Knight to unleash an exact duplicate of that spell. PvP Talent. PvP Talent. 20 Runic Power. 40 yd range. Instant. 25 40 yd range. Instant. 20 sec cooldown. Requires level 57+.


Frost

Dead of Winter  After your Remorseless Winter deals damage 5 times to a target, they are Stunned for 4 sec. However, your Remorseless Winter's cooldown is increased by 25 sec and its radius is reduced to 5 yards yds. PvP Talent. PvP Talent. Requires DeathKnight. Requires level 57+.
Frostwyrm's Fury  Summons a frostwyrm who breathes on all enemies within 40 yd in front of you, dealing [ 300% [ 270% of Attack Power ] Frost damage and slowing movement speed by [ 50 + 25% of Spell Power ]% for 10 sec. Frost Death Knight - Level 90 Talent. Frost Death Knight - Level 90 Talent. Instant. 3 min cooldown.


Frost & Unholy

Lichborne  Draw upon unholy and frost energies to become Undead for 10 sec. While undead all damage is reduced by 30% and you are nearly unstoppable becoming immune to Stun, Snare, Fear and Root effects. However, during Lichborne you can only move at walking cannot move faster than 50% of normal speed. PvP Talent. PvP Talent. Instant. 60 sec cooldown. Requires DeathKnight. Requires level 57+.
Transfusion  Instantly generates 20 Runic Power, and reduces the Runic Power cost of your Death Strike by 50% for 7 sec. PvP Talent. PvP Talent. Instant. 45 sec cooldown. Requires DeathKnight. Requires level 57+.


Unholy

Life and Death  When targets afflicted by your Festering Strike Wound are healed, you are also healed for 15% 10% of the amount. In addition, your Virulent Plague now erupts for 400% of normal eruption damage when dispelled. PvP Talent. PvP Talent. Requires DeathKnight. Requires level 57+.


 Demon Hunter Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Eye Beam Havoc  Blasts all enemies in front of you, dealing guaranteed critical strikes for a total of [ 225% [ 191.2% of Attack Power ] Chaos damage over 2 sec. 
Eye Beam Vengeance  Blasts all enemies in front of you, dealing guaranteed critical strikes for a total of [ 150% [ 127.5% of Attack Power ] Chaos damage over 2 sec. 


Havoc

Mana Rift  You manifest an 6 yard wide mana rift under the feet of the target. After 2.5 sec, it erupts dealing up to 8% of enemies each enemy's maximum health in Chaos damage and destroys 8% of the enemies each enemy's total mana if present. PvP Talent. PvP Talent. 50 Fury. 8 yd range. Instant. 10 sec cooldown. Requires DemonHunter. Requires level 101+.


 Druid Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Mass Entanglement  Roots the target and all enemies with within 15 yards in place for 30 sec. Damage may interrupt the effect. Usable in all shapeshift forms. Can't be cast in Flight Form. Druid - Level 60 Talent. Druid - Level 60 Talent. 30 yd range. Instant. 30 sec cooldown.


 Hunter Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Marksmanship

Trick Shots  When Multi-Shot hits 3 or more targets, your next Aimed Shot or Rapid Fire will ricochet and hit up to 5 additional targets for 40% of normal damage, or each shot of your next Rapid Fire will ricochet to 2 additional nearby targets for 100% of normal damage. Hunter - Marksmanship Spec. Hunter - Marksmanship Spec.
Trueshot  Reduces the cooldown of your Aimed Shot and Rapid Fire abilities by 60%, and causes Aimed Shot to cast 50% faster for 15 sec. Hunter - Marksmanship Spec. Hunter - Marksmanship Spec. Instant. 2 min cooldown.


 Mage Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Frozen Orb  Launches an orb of swirling ice up to 40 yards forward which deals up to [ 346% [ 310% of Spell Power ] Frost damage to all enemies it passes through. Grants 1 charge of Fingers of Frost when it first damages an enemy. Enemies damaged by the Frozen Orb are slowed by 50% for 15 30% for 3 sec. 100 yd range. Instant.


Fire

Kindling  Your Fireball, Pyroblast, Fire Blast, and Phoenix Flames critical strikes reduce the remaining cooldown on Combustion by 0 [ 1,000 / 1,000.1 sec. Fire Mage - Level 100 Talent. Fire Mage - Level 100 Talent.


Frost

Blizzard  Ice shards pelt the target area, dealing [ 114.4% of Spell Power ] Frost damage over 8 sec and reducing movement speed by 50% for 15 1.5 sec. Each time Blizzard deals damage, the cooldown of Frozen Orb is reduced by 0.5 sec. Mage - Frost Spec. Mage - Frost Spec. 2.5% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. 8 sec cast Channeled. 8 sec cooldown.
Comet Storm  Calls down a series of 7 icy comets on and around the target, that deals up to [ 315% [ 280% of Spell Power ] Frost damage to all enemies within 6 yds of its impacts. Frost Mage - Level 90 Talent. Frost Mage - Level 90 Talent. 1% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. Instant. 30 sec cooldown.
Frost Mage  Decreases damage/healing by 24% 22%: Arcane Missiles, Blizzard, Comet Storm, Cone of Cold, Ebonbolt, Fire Blast, Flurry, Frost Nova, Frostbolt, Frozen Orb, Glacial Spike, Ice Lance, Ice Nova, Living Bomb, Mastery: Icicles, Nether Tempest, Ray of Frost Decreases periodic damage/healing by 24% 22%: Arcane Missiles, Blizzard, Comet Storm, Cone of Cold, Ebonbolt, Fire Blast, Flurry, Frost Nova, Frostbolt, Frozen Orb, Glacial Spike, Ice Lance, Ice Nova, Living Bomb, Mastery: Icicles, Nether Tempest, Ray of Frost Mage - Frost Spec. Mage - Frost Spec.
Frostbolt  Launches a bolt of frost at the enemy, causing [ 51.1% of Spell Power ] Frost damage and slowing movement speed by 50% for 15 8 sec. Mage - Frost Spec. Mage - Frost Spec. 2% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. 2 sec cast.
Frozen Orb  Launches an orb of swirling ice up to 40 yards forward which deals up to [ 346% [ 310% of Spell Power ] Frost damage to all enemies it passes through. Grants 1 charge of Fingers of Frost when it first damages an enemy. Enemies damaged by the Frozen Orb are slowed by 50% for 15 30% for 3 sec. Mage - Frost Spec. Mage - Frost Spec. 1% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. 15 sec cast Channeled. 60 sec cooldown.


 Monk Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Fists of Fury  Pummels all targets in front of you, dealing [ 603.7% [ 531.5% of Attack Power ] damage over 4 sec to your primary target and [ 301.9% [ 265.7% of Attack Power ] damage over 4 sec to other targets. Can be channeled while moving. 8 yd range. Instant.
Touch of Karma  Absorbs all damage taken for 10 sec, up to 50% of your maximum health, and redirects 75% 70% of that amount to the enemy target as Nature damage over 6 sec. Limited to 1 target. Unlimited range. Instant.


Brewmaster

Summon Black Ox Statue  Summons a Black Ox Statue at the target location for 15 min, pulsing threat to all enemies within 30 20 yards. You may cast Provoke on the statue to taunt all enemies near the statue. Monk - Level 60 Talent. Monk - Level 60 Talent. 40 yd range. Instant. 10 sec cooldown. 1 sec global cooldown.


Windwalker

Fists of Fury  Pummels all targets in front of you, dealing [ 603.7% [ 531.5% of Attack Power ] damage over 4 sec to your primary target and [ 301.9% [ 265.7% of Attack Power ] damage over 4 sec to other targets. Can be channeled while moving. Requires One-Handed Melee Weapon. Monk - Windwalker Spec. Monk - Windwalker Spec. 3 Chi. 8 yd range. 4 sec cast Channeled. 24 sec cooldown. 1 sec global cooldown.
Touch of Karma  Absorbs all damage taken for 10 sec, up to 50% of your maximum health, and redirects 75% 70% of that amount to the enemy target as Nature damage over 6 sec. Monk - Windwalker Spec. Monk - Windwalker Spec. 20 yd range. Instant. 1.5 min cooldown.
Windwalker Monk  Decreases damage/healing by 23% 21%: Blackout Kick, Breath of Fire, Chi Burst, Chi Wave, Crackling Jade Lightning, Eye of the Tiger, Fist of the White Tiger, Fists of Fury, Flying Serpent Kick, Rising Sun Kick, Rushing Jade Wind, Spinning Crane Kick, Tiger Palm, Whirling Dragon Punch Decreases periodic damage/healing by 23% 21%: Blackout Kick, Breath of Fire, Chi Burst, Chi Wave, Crackling Jade Lightning, Eye of the Tiger, Fist of the White Tiger, Fists of Fury, Flying Serpent Kick, Rising Sun Kick, Rushing Jade Wind, Spinning Crane Kick, Tiger Palm, Whirling Dragon Punch Increases damage/healing by 26%: Blackout Kick, Rising Sun Kick, Tiger Palm Increases damage/healing by 22%: Chi Wave and Rushing Jade Wind Increases periodic damage/healing by 22%: Eye of the Tiger Increases damage/healing by 140%: Spinning Crane Kick Increases damage/healing by 10%: Blackout Kick Increases damage/healing by 40%: Vivify Monk - Windwalker Spec. Monk - Windwalker Spec.


 Paladin Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Holy

Holy Shock New  Paladin - Holy Spec. Paladin - Holy Spec.


 Priest Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Discipline

Atonement  Power Word: Shield, Shadow Mend, and Power Word: Radiance apply Atonement to your target for 15 50 sec. Your spell damage heals all targets affected by Atonement for 55% of the damage done. Priest - Discipline Spec. Priest - Discipline Spec.


Holy

Greater Heal New  An exceptional spell that heals an ally for 65% of their maximum health. Can be cast in Spirit of Redemption. Can't be cast in Shadowform. PvP Talent. PvP Talent. 3% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. 3 sec cast. Requires Priest. Requires level 40+.
Holy Priest  Holy Priest core passive Increases damage/healing by 40%: Binding Heal, Circle of Healing, Cosmic Ripple, Divine Hymn, Divine Star, Flash Heal, Greater Heal, Halo, Heal, Holy Nova, Holy Word: Salvation, Holy Word: Sanctify, Holy Word: Serenity, Holy Words, Penance, Perseverance, Prayer of Healing, Prayer of Mending, Renew Increases periodic damage/healing by 40%: Binding Heal, Circle of Healing, Cosmic Ripple, Divine Hymn, Divine Star, Flash Heal, Greater Heal, Halo, Heal, Holy Nova, Holy Word: Salvation, Holy Word: Sanctify, Holy Word: Serenity, Holy Words, Penance, Perseverance, Prayer of Healing, Prayer of Mending, Renew Increases damage/healing by 25%: Divine Star, Halo, Holy Fire, Holy Nova, Holy Word: Chastise, Holy Words, Penance, Smite Increases periodic damage/healing by 25%: Divine Star, Halo, Holy Fire, Holy Nova, Holy Word: Chastise, Holy Words, Penance, Smite Priest - Holy Spec. Priest - Holy Spec.
Holy Word: Concentration New  Blesses the ground with divine light, causing all allies who stand within to be immune to all silence and interrupt effects. Lasts for 8 sec. Can be cast in Spirit of Redemption. Can't be cast in Shadowform. PvP Talent. PvP Talent. 2.5% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. 0.5 sec cast. 45 sec cooldown. Requires Priest. Requires level 40+.
Trail of Light  When you cast Heal or Flash Heal, 30% 35% of the healing is replicated to the previous target you healed with Heal or Flash Heal. Holy Priest - Level 15 Talent. Holy Priest - Level 15 Talent.


Shadow

Psychic Link  Mind Blast now Shadow Word: Void deals 20% of its damage to all targets afflicted by your Vampiric Touch within 40 yards. PvP Talent. PvP Talent. Requires Priest. Requires level 40+.
Void Torrent  Channel a torrent of void energy into the target, dealing [ 300% [ 360% of Spell Power ] Shadow damage over 4 sec. Insanity does not drain during this channel. Requires Voidform. Generates 30 Insanity over the duration. Shadow Priest - Level 90 Talent. Shadow Priest - Level 90 Talent. 40 yd range. 4 sec cast Channeled. 45 sec cooldown.


 Shaman Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Enhancement

Ride the Lightning New  If there is more than one enemy nearby within 8 yards when you cast Stormstrike, you also cast a Chain Lightning on the target. Otherwise, you conjure bolts of lightning to up to two furthest enemies within 40 yards dealing [ 50% of Spell Power ] Nature damage. PvP Talent. PvP Talent. Requires Shaman. Requires level 40+.


Restoration

Voodoo Mastery  Reduces the cooldown of your Hex spell by 20 sec or cooldown of your Voodoo Totem by 10 sec. PvP Talent. PvP Talent. Requires Shaman. Requires level 40+.


 Warrior Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Disarm  Disarm the enemy's weapons and shield for 4 6 sec. Disarmed creatures deal significantly reduced damage. PvP Talent. PvP Talent. Melee range. Instant. 45 sec cooldown. Requires level 40+.


Arms

Arms Warrior  Increases damage/healing by 15%: Bladestorm, Bladestorm Off-Hand, Bloodbath, Bloodthirst Heal, Charge, Cleave, Colossus Smash, Deep Wounds, Execute, Execute Off-Hand, Hamstring, Heroic Leap, Heroic Throw, Impending Victory, Mastery: Deep Wounds, Mortal Strike, Opportunity Strikes, Overpower, Raging Blow, Ravager, Rend, Skullsplitter, Slam, Storm Bolt, Victory Rush, Warbreaker, Whirlwind, Whirlwind Off-Hand Increases periodic damage/healing by 15%: Bladestorm, Bladestorm Off-Hand, Bloodbath, Bloodthirst Heal, Charge, Cleave, Colossus Smash, Deep Wounds, Execute, Execute Off-Hand, Hamstring, Heroic Leap, Heroic Throw, Impending Victory, Mastery: Deep Wounds, Mortal Strike, Opportunity Strikes, Overpower, Raging Blow, Ravager, Rend, Skullsplitter, Slam, Storm Bolt, Victory Rush, Warbreaker, Whirlwind, Whirlwind Off-Hand Increases damage/healing by 12% Decreases damage/healing by 5%: Bladestorm and Bladestorm Off-Hand Warrior - Arms Spec. Warrior - Arms Spec.
Duel  You challenge the target to a duel. While challenged, all damage you and the target deal to all targets other than each other is reduced by 50%. Lasts 6 8 sec. PvP Talent. PvP Talent. 20 yd range. Instant. 60 sec cooldown. Requires Warrior. Requires level 40+.
Execute  Attempts to finish off a foe, causing up to [ 161.2% of Attack Power ] Physical damage based on Rage spent. Only usable on enemies that have less than 20% health. If your foe survives, 30% 20% of the Rage spent is refunded. Requires Melee Weapon. Warrior - Arms Spec. Warrior - Arms Spec. 20 Rage. Melee range. Instant.
Execute  If your foe survives your Execute, 30% 20% of the Rage spent is refunded. Warrior - Arms Spec. Warrior - Arms Spec.
Sharpen Blade  When activated, your next Mortal Strike will deal 15% increased damage and reduce healing taken by 50% for 4 6 sec. PvP Talent. PvP Talent. Instant. 25 sec cooldown. Requires Warrior. Requires level 40+.
Warbreaker  Smash the ground and shatter the armor of all enemies within 8 yds, dealing [ 150% of Attack Power ] Physical damage to your primary target and [ 75% of Attack Power ] damage to all other targets, and increasing damage you deal to them all targets by 30% for 10 sec. Arms Warrior - Level 75 Talent. Arms Warrior - Level 75 Talent. Instant. 45 sec cooldown.


Arms & Fury

Master and Commander  Cooldown of Commanding Shout reduced by 2 min Rallying Cry reduced by 2 min, and grants 15% additional health. PvP Talent. PvP Talent. Requires Warrior. Requires level 40+.


Racials
Blood Elf

Arcane Torrent  Remove 1 beneficial effect from all enemies within 8 yards and restore 15 of your Focus. Blood Elf Racial. Blood Elf Racial. Instant. 1.5 min cooldown. 2 min cooldown.
Arcane Torrent  Remove 1 beneficial effect from all enemies within 8 yards and generate 15 Fury. Blood Elf Racial. Blood Elf Racial. Instant. 1.5 min cooldown. 2 min cooldown.
Arcane Torrent  Remove 1 beneficial effect from all enemies within 8 yards and restore 3% of your mana. Blood Elf Racial. Blood Elf Racial. Instant. 1.5 min cooldown. 2 min cooldown.
Arcane Torrent  Remove 1 beneficial effect from all enemies within 8 yards and restore 3% of your Mana. Blood Elf Racial. Blood Elf Racial. Instant. 1.5 min cooldown. 2 min cooldown.
Arcane Torrent  Remove 1 beneficial effect from all enemies within 8 yards and restore 20 Runic Power. Blood Elf Racial. Blood Elf Racial. Instant. 1.5 min cooldown. 2 min cooldown.
Arcane Torrent  Remove 1 beneficial effect from all enemies within 8 yards and restore 15 Energy. Blood Elf Racial. Blood Elf Racial. Instant. 1.5 2 min cooldown. 1 sec global cooldown.
Arcane Torrent  Remove 1 beneficial effect from all enemies within 8 yards and increase your Rage by 15. Blood Elf Racial. Blood Elf Racial. Instant. 1.5 min cooldown. 2 min cooldown.
Arcane Torrent  Remove 1 beneficial effect from all enemies within 8 yards and restore 3% of your mana. Blood Elf Racial. Blood Elf Racial. Instant. 1.5 min cooldown. 2 min cooldown.
Arcane Torrent  Remove 1 beneficial effect from all enemies within 8 yards and restore . Blood Elf Racial. Blood Elf Racial. Instant. 1.5 2 min cooldown. 1 sec global cooldown.


Troll

Berserking  Increases your haste by 15% for 10 10% for 12 sec. Troll Racial. Troll Racial. Instant. 3 min cooldown.


Item Effects

Arcane Enchantment New  Increase the Critical Strike chance of all party members within 40 yards by 2 for 20 sec. Rank 1. Rank 1. Instant.
Azerite Grenade  Deals 11 to 11 Arcane damage to all enemies within 5 7 yards of impact. 40 yd range. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Unstable Azerite Grenade.
Blight Bomber New  Summon and control your Blight Bomber. 40 yd range. 5 min cast Channeled.
Bloodshaping  Your damaging spells have a chance to launch an orb of charged blood at your target, dealing 801 Shadow damage split among all nearby enemies. Deals increased damage when striking multiple targets. Approximately 1 proc per minute.
Bolstering Bellow New  Increase the Versatility of all party members within 40 yards by 2 for 20 sec. Rank 1. Rank 1. Instant.
Chopping New  Harvests a small, innocent sapling. Melee range. Instant Channeled.
Craft Mechanical Gorilla New  Combine a Steel-Plated Primate Exoskeleton, Bludgeoning-Resistant Chest Reinforcer, and a Banana-Shaped Power Cell to rebuild a mighty gorilla battle-bot. 5 sec cast. Reagents: Banana-Shaped Power Cell, Steel-Plated Primate Exoskeleton, Bludgeoning-Resistant Chest Reinforcer.
Craft Mechanical Spider New  Combine a Handful of Glass Spider Eyes, Steel-Plated Arachnid Exoskeleton, and a Mecha-Spinneret to rebuild a mighty spider battle-bot. 5 sec cast. Reagents: Handful of Glass Spider Eyes, Steel-Plated Arachnid Exoskeleton, Mecha-Spinneret.
Draught of Ten Lands New  Increases all stats by 0 and experience gained by 10%. Instant.
Dusk Powder New  Throw the powder, reducing the threat you generate by 75% for 30 sec. Rank 1. Rank 1. Instant.
Enveloping Protection  Envelop up to 5 allies in the targeted area in shared shields for 10 sec, preventing up to 2,896 damage taken by any of them. Damage prevented is increased the more allies enveloped when affecting multiple allies. 50 yd range. Instant. 2 min cooldown.
Everchill  Name changed from "Frostbite Chill" to "Everchill". Your damaging melee abilities apply Frostbite Chill, dealing 3 Everchill, dealing 4 Frost damage every 3 sec and reducing their movement speed by 2%, stacking up to 10 times. Lasts 12 sec.
Glaive Tosser New  Summon and control your Glaive Tosser. 40 yd range. 5 min cast Channeled.
Hadal's Nautilus  Your damaging spells have a chance to trigger Waterspouts around your target's location. The Waterspouts erupt after 2 sec, dealing 223 Nature damage divided evenly among enemies within 8 yards create a Waterspout at your target's location. The Waterspout erupts after 2 sec, dealing 200 Nature damage split among all nearby enemies. Deals increased damage when striking multiple targets. Approximately 4 procs per minute.
Hymn of Zeal New  Increase the Haste of all party members within 40 yards by 2 for 20 sec. Rank 1. Rank 1. Instant.
Incandescent Luster  Name changed from "Incandescent Sunburst" to "Incandescent Luster". Every 2 sec, while no allies are within 5 yds of you, gain 292 Critical Strike for 10 22 Critical Strike for 0 sec, otherwise you lose a stack. While at 10 stacks, you also gain 292 Mastery. Approximately 1.5 procs per minute. 69 Mastery. Allies with an Incandescent Sliver do not cause you to lose a stack. 
Invocation of Yu'lon  Summon a Yu'lon's spirit striking all enemies within 0 yds of your target dealing 1,451 Nature damage split amongst them. Damage increased for each extra target struck Deals increased damage when striking multiple targets. 50 yd range. Instant. 1.5 min cooldown.
Kimbul's Razor Claw  Your damaging attacks have a chance to claw your target, causing them to bleed for 1,902 237 Physical damage over 6 sec. Clawing the target from behind will leech 0.5% 50% of the damage done. 50 yd range. Approximately 2 procs per minute. 4 procs per minute.
Kul Tiran Cannonball Runner  Your attacks have a chance to deploy a cannon battery at your side for 10 sec, dealing 565 510 total Fire damage divided evenly among enemies in a cone in front of it. Deals increased damage when striking multiple targets. Approximately 1.5 procs per minute.
Lingering Spore Pods  Your attacks and attacks made against you have a chance to trigger spores to grow for 4 sec before bursting. When they burst, they restore 1,271 health to you and deal 187 damage split among enemies within 8 yds 168 damage split among all nearby enemies. Deals increased damage when striking multiple targets. Approximately 1.69 procs per minute.
Outpost Upgrade  Grants a mission to upgrade Arom's Stand with a blessing from the Ember Order. Instant. 1 sec cooldown. Order of Embers. Instant. 1 sec cooldown.
Primal Rage  Enter a primal rage, dealing 2,972 5,108 Physical damage split among enemies within 0 yds over 4 sec. Damage increased for each extra target struck Deals increased damage when striking multiple targets. You cannot move or use abilities during your rage. Instant. 2 min cooldown. 1.5 min cooldown.
Quest Launch  Upgrade Arom's Stand with a blessing from the Ember Order Order of Embers. Instant. 2 sec cooldown. Reagents: Outpost Upgrade.
Razdunk's Big Red Button  Push the Big Red Button, launching a missile barrage which deals 2,117 Fire damage split amongst all targets in the area 1,905 Fire damage split among all enemies in the area. Deals increased damage when striking multiple targets. 40 yd range. Instant. 2 min cooldown.
Song of the Sea New  Upgrade your Flight Master's Whistle to summon a flight back to your ship while on an Island Expedition. Instant.
Surging Waters New  Unleash a wave of 6 Tide Elementals that crash into your target, each exploding for 493 Frost damage split among all nearby enemies. Deals increased damage when striking multiple targets. 50 yd range. 2 sec cast Channeled. 1.5 min cooldown.
Syndicate Mask  Wear a Syndicate mask over any existing headwear. Instant. replacing any existing headwear. Instant.
Systematic Regression  Your attacks have a chance to cause a Void Sector, instantly dealing 640 Shadow damage split among all targets in a cone in front of you. Damage increased against multiple enemies Deals increased damage when striking multiple targets. Approximately 1.25 procs per minute.
Teleport: Boralus  Teleports the caster to Dazar'alor Boralus. 10 sec cast. 30 min cooldown.
Treasure Map  Grants a lucrative Treasure Map mission to Ungol Un'gol Ruins. Instant. 1 sec cooldown.
Up Close And Personal  Harpoon increases the damage of your next Mongoose Bite Raptor Strike by 310, and reduces its cost by 10 Focus.
V.I.G.O.R. Engaged  Your Critical Strike increases by 59 41 every 2 sec, capping at 295 246 Critical Strike for 6 sec, then decreasing and turning off for 6 sec, cycling every 30 32 sec. 40 yd range. Instant.
Webweaver's Soul Gem  Your damaging spells have a chance to summon a Volatile Shadeweaver, which creeps towards the target and explodes on contact, dealing 445 Shadow damage divided evenly among enemies within 8 yards 400 Shadow damage split among all nearby enemies. Deals increased damage when striking multiple targets. Approximately 2 procs per minute.


Professions
Alchemy

Aqueous Dilution  Name changed from "Tidalcore to Hydrocore" to "Aqueous Dilution". Convert one Tidalcore into one Hydrocore. Alchemy. Alchemy. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Tidalcore.Distilled Water x 5.
Sanguinated Dilution  Name changed from "Breath to Sanguicell" to "Sanguinated Dilution". Convert one Breath of Bwonsamdi into one Sanguicell. Alchemy. Alchemy. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Breath of Bwonsamdi.Distilled Water x 10.


Blacksmithing

Aqueous Reconstruction  Name changed from "Tidalcore to Hydrocore" to "Aqueous Reconstruction". Convert one Tidalcore into one Hydrocore. Blacksmithing. Blacksmithing. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Tidalcore.Durable Flux x 5.
Sanguinated Reconstruction  Name changed from "Breath to Sanguicell" to "Sanguinated Reconstruction". Convert one Breath of Bwonsamdi into one Sanguicell. Blacksmithing. Blacksmithing. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Breath of Bwonsamdi.Durable Flux x 10.


Enchanting

Aqueous Invocation  Name changed from "Tidalcore to Hydrocore" to "Aqueous Invocation". Convert one Tidalcore into one Hydrocore. Enchanting. Enchanting. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Tidalcore.Enchanting Vellum x 5.
Enchanted Tiki Mask  Create an Enchanted Tiki Mask. Enchanting. Enchanting. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Gloom Dust x 20, Umbra Shard x 5, Expulsom. 2.
Sanguinated Expulsion  Name changed from "Sanguicell to Expulsom" to "Sanguinated Expulsion". Convert a Sanguicell into Expulsom. Enchanting. Enchanting. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Sanguicell, Gloom Dust x 6, Umbra Shard x 2. x 20, Gloom Dust x 5, Umbra Shard.
Sanguinated Invocation  Name changed from "Breath to Sanguicell" to "Sanguinated Invocation". Convert one Breath of Bwonsamdi into one Sanguicell. Enchanting. Enchanting. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Breath of Bwonsamdi.Enchanting Vellum x 10.


Engineering

Aqueous Thermo-Degradation  Name changed from "Tidalcore to Hydrocore" to "Aqueous Thermo-Degradation". Convert one Tidalcore into one Hydrocore. Engineering. Engineering. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Tidalcore.Chemical Blasting Cap x 5.
Sanguinated Thermo-Degradation  Name changed from "Breath to Sanguicell" to "Sanguinated Thermo-Degradation". Convert one Breath of Bwonsamdi into one Sanguicell. Engineering. Engineering. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Breath of Bwonsamdi.Chemical Blasting Cap x 10.


Inscription

Aqueous Chromotography  Name changed from "Tidalcore to Hydrocore" to "Aqueous Chromotography". Convert one Tidalcore into one Hydrocore. Inscription. Inscription. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Tidalcore.Acacia Powder x 5.
Glyph of Storm's Wake  Inscription. Inscription 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Light Parchment, Jadefire Ink x 3.
Glyph of the Tides  Inscription. Inscription 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Light Parchment, Jadefire Ink x 3.
Sanguinated Chromotography  Name changed from "Breath to Sanguicell" to "Sanguinated Chromotography". Convert one Breath of Bwonsamdi into one Sanguicell. Inscription. Inscription. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Breath of Bwonsamdi.Acacia Powder x 10.


Jewelcrafting

Aqueous Recalibration  Name changed from "Tidalcore to Hydrocore" to "Aqueous Recalibration". Convert one Tidalcore into one Hydrocore. Jewelcrafting. Jewelcrafting. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Tidalcore.Jeweler's Setting x 5.
Eternal Kraken's Eye Loop  Create an Eternal Kraken's Eye Loop. Jewelcrafting. Jewelcrafting. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Kraken's Eye x 4, Laribole x 35, Scarlet Diamond x 35, Expulsom x 25, Breath of Bwonsamdi x 20. 200.
Honorable Combatant's Intuitive Staff  Name changed from "Honorable Combatant's Staff of Intuition" to "Honorable Combatant's Intuitive Staff". Greatly reduce the materials required to craft an Honorable Combatant's Staff of Intuition Intuitive Staff. Jewelcrafting. Jewelcrafting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Scarlet Diamond x 6, Owlseye x 6, Amberblaze x 6, Storm Silver Ore x 12, Platinum Ore x 6, Expulsom.
Honorable Combatant's Intuitive Staff  Name changed from "Honorable Combatant's Staff of Intuition" to "Honorable Combatant's Intuitive Staff". Craft an Honorable Combatant's Staff of Intuition Intuitive Staff. Jewelcrafting. Jewelcrafting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Scarlet Diamond x 10, Owlseye x 10, Amberblaze x 10, Storm Silver Ore x 20, Platinum Ore x 10, Expulsom x 3.
Honorable Combatant's Intuitive Staff  Name changed from "Honorable Combatant's Staff of Intuition" to "Honorable Combatant's Intuitive Staff". Reduce the materials required to craft an Honorable Combatant's Staff of Intuition Intuitive Staff. Jewelcrafting. Jewelcrafting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Scarlet Diamond x 8, Owlseye x 8, Amberblaze x 8, Storm Silver Ore x 16, Platinum Ore x 8, Expulsom x 2.
Sanguinated Recalibration  Name changed from "Breath to Sanguicell" to "Sanguinated Recalibration". Convert one Breath of Bwonsamdi into one Sanguicell. Jewelcrafting. Jewelcrafting. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Breath of Bwonsamdi.Jeweler's Setting x 10.
Sinister Combatant's Intuitive Staff  Name changed from "Sinister Combatant's Staff of Intuition" to "Sinister Combatant's Intuitive Staff". Reduce the materials required to craft a Sinister Combatant's Staff of Intuition Intuitive Staff. Jewelcrafting. Jewelcrafting. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Scarlet Diamond x 10, Owlseye x 10, Amberblaze x 10, Storm Silver Ore x 20, Platinum Ore x 12, Expulsom x 2.
Sinister Combatant's Intuitive Staff  Name changed from "Sinister Combatant's Staff of Intuition" to "Sinister Combatant's Intuitive Staff". Greatly reduce the materials required to craft a Sinister Combatant's Staff of Intuition Intuitive Staff. Jewelcrafting. Jewelcrafting. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Scarlet Diamond x 8, Owlseye x 8, Amberblaze x 8, Storm Silver Ore x 15, Platinum Ore x 10, Expulsom.
Sinister Combatant's Intuitive Staff  Name changed from "Sinister Combatant's Staff of Intuition" to "Sinister Combatant's Intuitive Staff". Craft a Sinister Combatant's Staff of Intuition Intuitive Staff. Jewelcrafting. Jewelcrafting. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Scarlet Diamond x 12, Owlseye x 12, Amberblaze x 12, Storm Silver Ore x 25, Platinum Ore x 15, Expulsom x 3.


Leatherworking

Aqueous Reskinning  Name changed from "Tidalcore to Hydrocore" to "Aqueous Reskinning". Convert one Tidalcore into one Hydrocore. Leatherworking. Leatherworking. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Tidalcore.Amber Tanning Oil x 5.
Sanguinated Reskinning  Name changed from "Breath to Sanguicell" to "Sanguinated Reskinning". Convert one Breath of Bwonsamdi into one Sanguicell. Leatherworking. Leatherworking. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Breath of Bwonsamdi.Amber Tanning Oil x 10.


Tailoring

Aqueous Alteration  Name changed from "Tidalcore to Hydrocore" to "Aqueous Alteration". Convert one Tidalcore into one Hydrocore. Tailoring. Tailoring. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Tidalcore.Nylon Thread x 5.
Sanguinated Alteration  Name changed from "Breath to Sanguicell" to "Sanguinated Alteration". Convert one Breath of Bwonsamdi into one Sanguicell. Tailoring. Tailoring. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Breath of Bwonsamdi.Nylon Thread x 10.
Sinister Combatant's Satin Pants  Greatly reduce the materials required to craft Sinister Combatant's Satin Legs Pants. Tailoring. Tailoring. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Embroidered Deep Sea Satin x 25, Deep Sea Satin x 20, Nylon Thread x 15, Expulsom x 3.
Sinister Combatant's Satin Pants  Craft Sinister Combatant's Satin Legs Pants. Tailoring. Tailoring. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Embroidered Deep Sea Satin x 35, Deep Sea Satin x 25, Nylon Thread x 25, Expulsom x 5.
Sinister Combatant's Satin Pants  Reduce the materials required to craft Sinister Combatant's Satin Legs Pants. Tailoring. Tailoring. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Embroidered Deep Sea Satin x 30, Deep Sea Satin x 22, Nylon Thread x 20, Expulsom x 4.




Strings Changes

ERR_QUEST_PUSH_TOO_FAR_S New - %s is too far away to accept that quest.
INCOMING_SUMMON_TOOLTIP_SUMMON_ACCEPTED New - Summon Accepted
INCOMING_SUMMON_TOOLTIP_SUMMON_DECLINED New - Summon Declined
INCOMING_SUMMON_TOOLTIP_SUMMON_PENDING New - Summon Pending
PET_DIET_TEMPLATE - Diet |cffffd200Diet:|r: %s
PET_SPECIALIZATION_TEMPLATE - Specialization |cffffd200Specialization:|r: %s
PET_SPELLS_TEMPLATE - Tamed Abilities: %s |cffffd200Tamed Abilities:|r %s
RATED_PVP_WEEKLY_CHEST New - Weekly Chest
RATED_PVP_WEEKLY_CHEST_EARNED New - Weekly Chest Earned
RATED_PVP_WEEKLY_CHEST_REQUIREMENTS New - - %1$d/%2$d Conquest earned|nOR|n- 0/1 Conquest bar filled & reward claimed
RATED_PVP_WEEKLY_CHEST_TOOLTIP_COLLECT New - You've earned a reward chest for last week's performance. Go to the War Headquarters to claim your reward!
RATED_PVP_WEEKLY_CHEST_TOOLTIP_COMPLETE New - Open your chest at the end of the week to receive a piece of item level %d gear.
RATED_PVP_WEEKLY_CHEST_TOOLTIP_INCOMPLETE New - Complete either of the objectives below to earn your weekly chest.
SAMPLE_REWARD_WITH_COLON New - Sample reward:
SPASH_BATTLE_FOR_DARKSHORE_DESC New - Fight for control of Darkshore in this new Warfront
SPELL_FAILED_CUSTOM_ERROR_387 New - Requires V.I.G.O.R. Engaged.
SPLASH_BATTLE_FOR_DARKSHORE New - The Battle for Darkshore
SPLASH_BATTLEFORAZEROTH_8_1_0_2_FEATURE1_DESC New - Earn updated rewards and a new seasonal mount!
SPLASH_BATTLEFORAZEROTH_8_1_0_2_FEATURE1_TITLE New - PvP Season 2
SPLASH_BATTLEFORAZEROTH_8_1_0_2_FEATURE2_DESC New - Increased challenge, better loot, and a new seasonal Keystone affix: Reaping.
SPLASH_BATTLEFORAZEROTH_8_1_0_2_FEATURE2_TITLE New - Dungeon Update
SPLASH_BATTLEFORAZEROTH_8_1_0_2_LABEL New
SPLASH_BATTLEFORAZEROTH_8_1_0_2_RIGHT_DESC New - War engulfs Zandalar as Alliance and Horde armies clash in this new raid!
SPLASH_BATTLEFORAZEROTH_8_1_0_2_RIGHT_TITLE New - Battle of Dazar'alor
SPLASH_BATTLEFORAZEROTH_8_1_0_FEATURE1_DESC New - Acquire new power to bring the enemy faction down!
SPLASH_BATTLEFORAZEROTH_8_1_0_FEATURE1_TITLE New - War Campaign
SPLASH_BATTLEFORAZEROTH_8_1_0_FEATURE2_DESC New - Protect your continent from enemy invasions.
SPLASH_BATTLEFORAZEROTH_8_1_0_FEATURE2_TITLE New - Assaults
SPLASH_BATTLEFORAZEROTH_8_1_0_LABEL New - New in Tides of Vengeance!
SPLASH_BATTLEFORAZEROTH_8_1_0_RIGHT_DESC New - Fight for control of Darkshore in this new Warfront.
SPLASH_BATTLEFORAZEROTH_8_1_0_RIGHT_TITLE New - The Battle for Darkshore
SPLASH_BATTLEFORAZEROTH_8_1_FEATURE1_DESC New - Acquire new power to bring the enemy faction down!
SPLASH_BATTLEFORAZEROTH_8_1_FEATURE1_TITLE New - War Campaign
SPLASH_BATTLEFORAZEROTH_8_1_FEATURE2_DESC New - Protect your continent from enemy invasions.
SPLASH_BATTLEFORAZEROTH_8_1_FEATURE2_TITLE New - Assaults
SPLASH_BATTLEFORAZEROTH_8_1_SEASON_FEATURE1_DESC New - New armor appearances and a new season reward mount.
SPLASH_BATTLEFORAZEROTH_8_1_SEASON_FEATURE2_DESC New - Higher item level rewards and a new seasonal affix: Reaping.
SPLASH_BATTLEFORAZEROTH_8_1_SEASON_RIGHT_DESC New - The war comes to the heart of the Zandalari Empire in this new raid.
SPLASH_NEW_HEADER_SEASON New - New Season!
TRANSMOG_SET_LIMITED_TIME_SET New - Limited Time Set
TRANSMOG_SET_LIMITED_TIME_SET_TOOLTIP New - This set can be collected during the current season only.
VISITABLE_URL44 -  
VISITABLE_URL45 -  
VISITABLE_URL46 -  product-requirements-complete?targetRegion=%s
WAR_MODE_BONUS_PERCENTAGE_FORMAT New - |cff1eff00+%1$d%% War Mode Bonus|r
WAR_MODE_BONUS_PERCENTAGE_XP_FORMAT New - |cff1eff00+%1$d%% War Mode Bonus|r




Misc Changes
Character Titles

%s, Hero of Dazar'alor New


Currency Types
Battle for Azeroth

7th Legion Service Medal - Name changed from "7th Legion Commendation" to "7th Legion Service Medal". A commendation A badge of merit for action taken on the battlefields of Kul Tiras, Zandalar, and active Warfronts. For the Alliance!
Honorbound Service Medal - Name changed from "Honorbound Commendation" to "Honorbound Service Medal". A commendation A badge of merit for action taken on the battlefields of Kul Tiras, Zandalar, and active Warfronts. For the Horde!
Titan Residuum - Name changed from "Azerite Impurity" to "Titan Residuum".


Hidden

BFA Season Rated Participation Currency - Name changed from "BFA Season 1 Rated Participation Currency" to "BFA Season Rated Participation Currency".


Holidays

8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 1 New - Continue the War Campaign by joining Jaina Proudmoore in the defense of Kul Tiras. Rally your allies and rout the Horde!
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 1 New - Continue the War Campaign by joining Jaina Proudmoore in the defense of Kul Tiras. Rally your allies and rout the Horde!
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 1 New - Continue the War Campaign by joining Jaina Proudmoore in the defense of Kul Tiras. Rally your allies and rout the Horde!
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 1 New - Continue the War Campaign by joining Rexxar in Kul Tiras and disrupting the Alliance's Azerite weapons testing.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 1 New - Continue the War Campaign by joining Rexxar in Kul Tiras and disrupting the Alliance's Azerite weapons testing.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 1 New - Continue the War Campaign by joining Jaina Proudmoore in the defense of Kul Tiras. Rally your allies and rout the Horde!
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 1 New - Continue the War Campaign by joining Rexxar in Kul Tiras and disrupting the Alliance's Azerite weapons testing.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 1 New - Continue the War Campaign by joining Rexxar in Kul Tiras and disrupting the Alliance's Azerite weapons testing.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 2 New - Assist Trade Prince Gallywix in a test drive of his deadly brand new mech, the G.M.O.D.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 2 New - A new ally in the war needs your help--and a little bit of gnomish engineering--to execute his brilliant plan.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 2 New - A new ally in the war needs your help--and a little bit of gnomish engineering--to execute his brilliant plan.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 2 New - A new ally in the war needs your help--and a little bit of gnomish engineering--to execute his brilliant plan.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 2 New - A new ally in the war needs your help--and a little bit of gnomish engineering--to execute his brilliant plan.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 2 New - Assist Trade Prince Gallywix in a test drive of his deadly brand new mech, the G.M.O.D.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 2 New - Assist Trade Prince Gallywix in a test drive of his deadly brand new mech, the G.M.O.D.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 2 New - Assist Trade Prince Gallywix in a test drive of his deadly brand new mech, the G.M.O.D.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 3 New - Infiltrate hostile territory with Rexxar and Arcanist Valtois to recover the enemy of your enemy in the hope of gaining a new ally.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 3 New - Join Flynn Fairwind and Mathias Shaw on a daring heist deep in enemy territory to recover the Abyssal Scepter.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 3 New - Join Flynn Fairwind and Mathias Shaw on a daring heist deep in enemy territory to recover the Abyssal Scepter.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 3 New - Infiltrate hostile territory with Rexxar and Arcanist Valtois to recover the enemy of your enemy in the hope of gaining a new ally.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 3 New - Join Flynn Fairwind and Mathias Shaw on a daring heist deep in enemy territory to recover the Abyssal Scepter.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 3 New - Infiltrate hostile territory with Rexxar and Arcanist Valtois to recover the enemy of your enemy in the hope of gaining a new ally.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 3 New - Join Flynn Fairwind and Mathias Shaw on a daring heist deep in enemy territory to recover the Abyssal Scepter.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 3 New - Infiltrate hostile territory with Rexxar and Arcanist Valtois to recover the enemy of your enemy in the hope of gaining a new ally.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 4 New - Planning and preparation have led to an Alliance assault on the swamps of Nazmir. The stakes are high, and not everyone will survive.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 4 New - Alliance forces have launched a daring attack on the swamps of Nazmir. Fight alongside Princess Talanji as she rides out to stop them!
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 4 New - Planning and preparation have led to an Alliance assault on the swamps of Nazmir. The stakes are high, and not everyone will survive.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 4 New - Planning and preparation have led to an Alliance assault on the swamps of Nazmir. The stakes are high, and not everyone will survive.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 4 New - Alliance forces have launched a daring attack on the swamps of Nazmir. Fight alongside Princess Talanji as she rides out to stop them!
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 4 New - Planning and preparation have led to an Alliance assault on the swamps of Nazmir. The stakes are high, and not everyone will survive.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 4 New - Alliance forces have launched a daring attack on the swamps of Nazmir. Fight alongside Princess Talanji as she rides out to stop them!
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 4 New - Alliance forces have launched a daring attack on the swamps of Nazmir. Fight alongside Princess Talanji as she rides out to stop them!
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 5 New - Join the Alliance's leadership as they meet after the Battle of Dazar'alor.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 5 New - Join the Horde's leadership as they meet after the Battle of Dazar'alor.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 5 New - Join the Horde's leadership as they meet after the Battle of Dazar'alor.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 5 New - Join the Horde's leadership as they meet after the Battle of Dazar'alor.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 5 New - Join the Alliance's leadership as they meet after the Battle of Dazar'alor.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 5 New - Join the Horde's leadership as they meet after the Battle of Dazar'alor.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 5 New - Join the Alliance's leadership as they meet after the Battle of Dazar'alor.
8.1 Tides of Vengeance: War Campaign Part 5 New - Join the Alliance's leadership as they meet after the Battle of Dazar'alor.


LFG Dungeons
Dungeons

8.1 War Campaign - Chapter 03 - To Tol Dagor msc - Tol Dagor Breakout. Map: Tol Dagor Scenario. Roles: 1 damage. . Horde only. Map: Tol Dagor Scenario. Level 110. Suggested level: 120. Roles: 1-3 damage.


Map Areas
8.1 Darkshore Outdoor Final Phase

Darkshore > Ashwood Depot New - Music: Zone-GroveOfTheAncients.
Darkshore > Cinderfall Grove New - Music: Zone-GroveOfTheAncients.
Darkshore > Forlorn Crossing New - Music: Zone-GroveOfTheAncients.
Darkshore > Lor'danel Landing New - Music: Zone-GroveOfTheAncients.
Darkshore > The Dredge New - Music: Zone-GroveOfTheAncients.


Deepwind Gorge

The Heartland - Name changed from "Cooking Impossible" to "The Heartland".


Unknown

Ironforge > Aegrim's Study - Name changed from "Ironforge > Madoran's Study" to "Ironforge > Aegrim's Study".


Warfronts Darkshore - Horde

Darkshore > The Dredge - Name changed from "Darkshore > The Emerald Islet" to "Darkshore > The Dredge".


Map Difficulties

Kalimdor > 8.1 Darkshore Outdoor Final Phase - Name changed from "8.1 Darkshore Outdoor Final Phase" to "Kalimdor > 8.1 Darkshore Outdoor Final Phase".


Maps
Battle for Azeroth

Kalimdor > 8.1 Darkshore Outdoor Final Phase - Name changed from "8.1 Darkshore Outdoor Final Phase" to "Kalimdor > 8.1 Darkshore Outdoor Final Phase".


Mounts
Flying Mounts

Dazar'alor Windreaver - Name changed from "Armored Skyterror" to "Dazar'alor Windreaver". Flying Mount. Ravaging Skyterror  Dazar'alor Windreaver  "Soaring high above the Battle of Dazar'alor, the Armored Skyterror these beasts are drawn to the most cunning of victors." Source: Achievement: Glory of the Dazar'alor Raider Category: Dungeons & Raids 
Glacial Tidestorm New - Flying Mount. Glacial Tidestorm  "Though she commands a variety of magical powers, Jaina has always been most proficient at summoning powerful elementals of water and ice." Source: Drop: Jaina Proudmoore Mythic Zone: Battle of Dazar'alor
Siltwing Albatross New - Flying Mount. Spell #266925  "One of the rarest of birds seen on the islands of the Great Sea, and a prized possession amongst traders, if they can capture it." Source: Vendor: Captain Klarisa Zone: Tiragarde Sound Cost: 1,000 [INV_Misc_AzsharaCoin.BLP] Vendor: Captain Zen'taga Zone: Zuldazar Cost: 1,000 [INV_Misc_AzsharaCoin.BLP]


Ground Mounts

Azureshell Krolusk - Name changed from "Wild Blue Venomtail" to "Azureshell Krolusk". Ground Mount. Wild Blue Venomtail  Azureshell Krolusk  "Captured from the desolate sands of Vol'dun, this mount is surprisingly docile in captivity." Source: Vendor: Provisioner Stoutforge Zone: Tiragarde Sound Cost: 200 [INV_AllianceWarEffort.BLP]
G.M.O.D. - Name changed from "Gilded Edition G.M.O.D." to "G.M.O.D.". Ground Mount. G.M.O.D. Mk1  G.M.O.D.  "Garishly sporting extreme amounts of goblin flair, Gallywix commissioned his gilded Mech of Death to one up Mekkatorque in combat and more importantly in style." Source: Drop: High Tinker Mekkatorque Zone: Battle of Dazar'alor
Rubyshell Krolusk - Name changed from "Wild Red Venomtail" to "Rubyshell Krolusk". Ground Mount. Wild Red Venomtail  Rubyshell Krolusk  "Captured from the desolate sands of Vol'dun, this mount is surprisingly docile in captivity." Source: Vendor: Provisioner Mukra Zone: Zuldazar Cost: 200 [INV_HordeWarEffort.BLP]


Scenarios
Escape from Tol Dagor

03: Release Priscilla Ashvane - Name changed from "03: Release Ashvane" to "03: Release Priscilla Ashvane". Release Priscilla Ashvane Warchief Sylvanas has need of this prisoner.
05: Escape the Prison - Plant explosives in the sewer to block your escape. drain to block your escape.


Gnomeregan

03: Activate the Door Control Console - Name changed from "03: Pull the Correct Levers" to "03: Activate the Door Control Console".
04: Bypass the Mine Field - Ride the Bomb Stomper Crusher 5000 through the deadly field of Bomb Bots.


The Battle for Darkshore

02: Purging the Ruins - Remove the elven kaldorei presence from the Ruins of Auberdine.
07: Establish a Foothold - Claim Reclaim Bashal'Aran for the Horde.
11: End of the Road - Defeat the enemy commander and claim Darkshore for the Horde. reclaim Darkshore for the Horde.


World Safe Locations
Kul Tiras

8.1 Incursions - Storm's Rage - Exit - Safe Loc - MDE New
8.1 Tol Dagor Scenario Exit New
Castaway Point Canon Safe Loc New


Zandalar

8.1 Incursions -Skytanic Exit - Safe Loc - MDE New
Nazmir, Mangrove Shore - GY New
Nazmir, Sunken Coast Incursions Only, Alliance Fleet - GY New