chaud2019-04-16, 07:55 PMRise of Azshara PTR Development Notes – April 16
We’re deploying our first build for the upcoming content update—Rise of Azshara—to our Public Test Realms. It is now testable. Here’s an outline of what’s coming in this PTR.

Now Available for Testing

Heart of Azeroth system update: introducing Essences
New Zone: Mechagon
New Arena: The Robodrome
Mount Equipment
Crestfall and Snowblossom Island Expeditions
Ashran Epic Battleground


Our initial testing will be primarily technical, so some Rise of Azshara features will be locked/unavailable for the first few days while we work on initial concerns with the above content. Please note that Ashran may not easily complete a queue in the PTR.


Coming Soon

Heroic Battle for Stromgarde
New Missions
New Zone: Nazjatar

Explore the new zone including quest lines, World Quests, and World PvP Events focused on strengthening alliances with the new aquatic races

Heritage Armors
New Profession Recipes
New Raid-- Azshara’s Eternal Palace

As always, we’ll coordinate the testing of this new raid’s encounters via scheduled announcements.

New Dungeon-- Operation: Mechagon
Pet Battle Dungeon: Stratholme
Direhorn Training quests
Updates to Brewfest



We plan to do a wipe of all characters in a few weeks after getting focused feedback on the Heart of Azeroth Essences. This will allow us to test the feel and pacing of obtaining them all naturally. We’ll give you a heads up on that character wipe here in this forum.

Get into the PTR!
The PTR is now available. To log in to the PTR, simply create a PTR account and copy the character you wish to test from your account. Step-by-step directions can be found here.

Note : World of Warcraft PTR realms are only available to players who have a full World of Warcraft account.



Achievement Changes
Appearances
Collections

PH - BfA PvP Season 3 Transmog New  Collect any armor set from Battle for Azeroth PvP Season 3. 10 points. Account Wide.
PH - Nazjatar Raid Transmog New  Collect an armor set from The Eternal Palace 10 points. Account Wide.


Battle Dungeon
Dungeons & Raids

Go Ahead, Make My Daisy New  Defeat the Machinist's Garden in Operation: Mechagon without being struck by "Hidden" Flame Cannon, Self-Trimming Hedges, Discom-BOMB-ulator, or Roaring Flame on Mythic Difficulty. 10 points.


Battle for Azeroth
Exploration

Battle for Azeroth Pathfinder, Part Two New  Complete the Kul Tiras and Zandalar achievements listed below. Reward: Kul Tiras and Zandalar Flying and Wonderwing 2.0. 25 points. Account Wide.
Deep Pockets New  Contribute to construction projects in Mechagon 500 times. 10 points.
Diversed Investments New  Contribute to the following construction projects in Mechagon. 10 points.
Freedom Run New  Release 100 slaves from the clutches of the Naga.
Head Financier of Mechagon New  Contribute to construction projects in Mechagon 5,000 times. 10 points.
Junkyard Apprentice New  Craft 250 Junkyard Tinkering items in Mechagon. 10 points.
Junkyard Architect New  Unlock the following Junkyard Tinkering blueprints in Mechagon. 10 points.
Junkyard Collector New  Unlock 25 of the following Junkyard Tinkering blueprints in Mechagon. 10 points.
Junkyard Machinist New  Complete the following construction projects in Mechagon. 10 points.
Junkyard Master Machinist New  Complete 100 construction projects in Mechagon 10 points.
Junkyard Scavenger New  Craft 50 Junkyard Tinkering items in Mechagon. 10 points.
Junkyard Tinkerer New  Craft 1000 Junkyard Tinkering items in Mechagon. 10 points.
Junkyard Tinkmaster New  Complete the Mechagon achievements listed below. 10 points.
Mecha-Done New  Complete the Mechagon achievements listed below. Reward: Keys to the Model W.
Outside Influences New  Complete all quest from the visitors in Mechagon.
Rest In Pistons New  Complete the following special encounters in Mechagon. 10 points.
Trove Tracker New  Locate all of the Arcane Chests and Glowing Arcane Trunks in Nazjatar. 10 points.


Quests

Essential Empowerment New  Completed all 8.2 Heart - Essence quest chains. Account Wide.
How to Ptrain Your Pterrordax New  Help Kua'fon earn his wings by completing the following quest. 5 points.
How to Train Your Direhorn New  Complete the following quests to raise your direhorn from hatchling to mount at Warbeast Kraal in Zuldazar. 5 points.
Master Calligrapher  Master Demonstrate complete mastery in each of Scrollsage Nola's Calligraphy lessons while on by never deviating from the lines during the world quest, "Calligraphy." 10 points.
The Heart Forge New  Unlock the Heart Forge in the repaired Chamber of Heart
The Mechagonian Threat New  Complete the Mechagon storyline.


Reputation

Rustbolt Rebellion New  Earn Exalted Status with the Rustbolt Resistance. 5 points.
The Ankoan New  Earn Revered Status with the Ankoan. 5 points.
The Unshackled New  Earn Revered Status with the Unshackled. 5 points.


Character

8.2 BfA - PATCH Quest Launch New  


Fishing
Professions

Secret Fish and Where to Find Them New  Use the Secret Fish Goggles to collect all the secret fish. Item Reward: Hyper-Compressed Ocean. 10 points.
Secret Fish of Mechagon New  Catch and deliver each of these fish of Mechagon to Angler Danielle. Item Reward: Secret Fish Goggles. 5 points.


Guild Feats of Strength
Guild

Hall of Fame: Uu'nat, Harbinger of the Void Alliance  Among the first one hundred Alliance guilds worldwide to defeat Uu'nat, Harbinger of the Void on Mythic difficulty.Title Reward: Famed Slayer of the Harbinger.
Hall of Fame: Uu'nat, Harbinger of the Void Horde  Among the first one hundred Horde guilds worldwide to defeat Uu'nat, Harbinger of the Void on Mythic difficulty.Title Reward: Famed Slayer of the Harbinger.


Island Expeditions
Expansion Features

Crestfall New  Achieve victory in an expedition to Crestfall on any difficulty. 10 points.
Crestfallen New  Achieve victory in an expedition to Crestfall in PvP. 10 points.
Heroic: Crestfall New  Achieve victory in an expedition to Crestfall on Heroic difficulty or higher. 10 points.
Heroic: Snowblossom Village New  Achieve victory in an expedition to Snowblossom Village on Heroic difficulty or higher. 10 points.
Mythic: Crestfall New  Achieve victory in an expedition to Crestfall on Mythic difficulty. 10 points.
Mythic: Snowblossom Village New  Achieve victory in an expedition to Snowblossom Village on Mythic difficulty. 10 points.
Snowblossom Scrapper New  Achieve victory in an expedition to Snowblossom Village in PvP. 10 points.
Snowblossom Village New  Achieve victory in an expedition to Snowblossom Village on any difficulty. 10 points.


Mounts
Collections

Available in Eight Colors New  Collect all the paint colors for the X-995 Mechanocat. Paint Color: Battletorn Blue. 5 points.


World
Player vs. Player

For Nazjatar! New  Win the Battle for Nazjatar. 10 points.
Tour of Duty: Mechagon New  Earn 1000 honor in Mechagon while in War Mode. 10 points.
Tour of Duty: Nazjatar New  Earn 1000 honor in Nazjatar while in War Mode. 10 points.