chaud2019-03-15, 08:56 AMKul Tiran Human Allied Race Unlock Quest

The quest Made in Kul Tiras  starts at the Stormwind Embassy. Jaina wants you to meet her in the Harbormaster's Office of Boralus to discuss finding a shipwright, Dorian Atwater, to build Anduin a ship.
Cyrus believes Dorian retired to Stormsong Valley and has you meet him in Brennadam to find out the location from the talkative locals. You discover they are somewhere in the Deadwash and Cyrus leaves to let Jaina know what you have discovered.
When you discover the house, you question the man outside only to find out that Dorian is his wife. She agrees to come out of retirement to fulfill Jaina's request. You help her saddle up Hurricane, her horse, and meet her at Port Fogtide.
There, she has you kill 12 drowned forces and place 3 fog wards to set the location for her slip, and then requests to meet you at Algerson Lumber Yard in Tiragarde Sound to get lumber for the construction.
You collect the lumber and bring it up the hill only to find that it is haunted. Dorian has you seek out Chelsea Wright and Thornspeaker Birchgrove in Drustvar. 
Birchgrove has you kill enemies to charge a vessel with Drust magic. You then take it to Ulfar and help him cleanse it. 
Meanwhile, Chelsea loses her storage key to a wicker beast and you have to chase it, get the key back once it stops in a cave, and eventually collect its suspiciously dog-friendly belongings. You find out the beast is actually her deceased dog, and use the key to get what you need. If you did both quests, an air elemental appears and sends you back to Port Fogtide to meet Dorian.
The ship is complete, but now it needs a crew. Jaina arrives to inspect it, and says she has the perfect captain in mind, her brother Tandred. Tandred wants you to recruit Brother Pike, Lt. Tarenfold, and the outriggers as his crew. Once you collect them, you meet back at Port Fogtide and Tandred convinces Dorian to be the last crew member.
All that is left is to name it. You are given the choice, and the options are:

Dawnstrider
Tiffin's Melody
Lionheart
Anduin's Wrath

Your choice strictly affects what the NPCs call the ship, nothing else.
Brother Pike then blesses the ship and you present it to Anduin, who is moved by the gift.
Finishing this quest unlocks the Kul Tian allied race, the Allied Races: Kul Tiran , and Kul Tiran Charger 



          
          
          
          
          
          
          



Zandalari Troll Allied Race Unlock Quest

The quest A Royal Occasion  starts in the Orgrimmar Embassy. Rokhan wants you to pay a visit to the Zandalari emissary in the Great Seal. The emissary tells you that Princess Talanji is about to undergo the ritual of kings and queens at Zacalo and has requested you at her side.
Once there, you join Talanji's procession to the temple as crowds gather. Some support her rise to queen while others call her cursed and Bwonsamdi's puppet.
Before the ritual can begin, Zolani rushes in saying a riot has broken out. You are tasked with quelling the masses and stopping the instigator, Enforcer Malzon, before returning to Talanji.
Talanji understands and respects the people's anger. She wants you to rescue bystanders and subdue more angered devoted.
You then meet Talanji's new council, which consists of Wardruid Loti, Lashk the Tortollan, Jo'nok, General Rakera, and Hexlord Raal. Again, the ritual is delayed by a priestess of Shadra, Samara, who taunts Talanji and attacks with spiders. You must survive the attack and kill Samara to head up to start the ritual with the Loa.
The first Loa is Krag'wa, who wants Talanji to prove that she would give her life to defend her people. You are turned into a firefly and must avoid frogs while Talanji protects you.
Next is Gonk, who tells Talanji to consider who is part of her pack. Is it more than the Zandalari? Does it include the Vulpera, Tortollan, and Horde? She receives his blessing soon after.
Pa'ku is next, who gives Talanji her blessing after you dodge tornados up a set of stairs.
Finally, you reach Bwonsamdi, who has taken the highest position of the Loa. Talanji wants him to test her and be done with it, and he says that he will free her from her father's bargain if she brings him the head of Sylvanas, to which she declines. Bwonsamdi is disappointed, but accepts her answer.
Talanji is now officially made queen and gives a stirring speech to the crowd below. Vol'jin's spirit can be seen watching for a few moments before bowing and fading away.
Talanji summons Sylvanas to her throne to discuss the Zandalari joining the Horde, and says that they will stand as equals. Sylvanas questions this statement, but welcomes them anyway.
Completing this quest unlocks the Zandalari Troll allied race, the Allied Races: Zandalari Troll  achievement, and Zandalari Direhorn 



          
          
          
          
          
          
          



Hearthstone Expansion - Rise of Shadows Announced
Blizzard has announced Rise of Shadows , Hearthstone's next expansion! The expansion adds the twinspell mechanic, scheme cards, and lackeys. Check out Hearthpwn's post  for more information!


<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


New Battle.net Avatars
Nine new avatars have been added to Battle.net.


      
      
      



Dark Legacy Comics #671
DLC #671  has been released.


 