Stoy2018-09-04, 10:31 PMAzerite Trait Hotfixes
Shared

Bracing Chill  - scaling coefficient increased


 Druid Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Fungal Essence  - scaling coefficient increased
Gushing Lacerations  - scaling coefficient increased
Autumn Leaves  - scaling coefficient decreased


 Mage Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Brain Storm  - scaling coefficient increased


 Monk Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Niuzao's Blessing  - scaling coefficient increased


 Paladin Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Martyr's Breath  - scaling coefficient increased


 Priest Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Everlasting Light  - scaling coefficient increased
Gift of Forgiveness  - scaling coefficient decreased


 Shaman Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Strength of Earth  - scaling coefficient increased
Spouting Spirits  - scaling coefficient increased


 Warlock Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Shadow's Bite  - scaling coefficient increased



Mythic + and Mythic Cache Bug
We quickly fixed the underlying issue that caused some players to receive high level Mythic Keystones. Deleting the key and running another Mythic dungeon will grant you a new Mythic Keystone. As a reminder, the instance cap is hourly. We’ve fully identified and eradicated a bug that caused some players to receive an unintended Mythic Cache reward earlier today. We’re working to remove all such unintended rewards from any characters who received them.

Trying to understand this
So Blizz was giving 370/380+ ilvl rewards for people that had run mythic+ in last week of legion, but only to some players? I did not get a chest, despite running mythic+ in Legion's last week.

This was actually something that wasn't intended. We've since fixed the bug that was causing this and we're working to remove the items obtained from any characters who incorrectly obtained this.


World Quest Exploit Bans
Unintended Character Progress
Recently, many players brought an alleged exploit to our attention. These reports purported a method involving manipulating raid status in order to repeatedly gain reputation and other rewards from World Quests. We quickly investigated and found no truth to these claims. However, in the course of that investigation, we uncovered a different exploit that could have a similar effect.

The actual bug could cause characters to get into a state where they could complete World Quests repeatedly, receiving full rewards each time.

After fixing the bug, we felt it necessary to take action against a very small number of players who used it extensively to their advantage. One of our core values is ‘Play Nice; Play Fair’, and we take seriously the responsibility to maintain a level playing field for all players. No one wants to see a player use an obviously unintended shortcut to progress far beyond all other players. 

You'll find the Blizzard End User License Agreement here for reference.


Warfront Quests Account Bound
Blizzard Watch has pointed out  that the Warfront quests seem to be account bound at the moment, meaning that you can only complete them on one character per account. We are unsure if this is a bug or intended as of now.


The Gates Are Open and New Challenges Await!
The time is at hand to take on new challenges across Azeroth, including the Uldir raid, new world bosses, and the first season of Rated PvP and Mythic Keystone dungeons. Which will you take on first?

Within the Depths of Uldir . . . .

 

Normal and Heroic difficulties are now available for Uldir, Battle for Azeroth’s first raid!

Millenia ago, seeking to understand the nature of their eternal foe, the titans constructed this sprawling underground facility to research and quarantine captured specimens. They hoped that by studying the void energy that bound the Old Gods, probing it for weaknesses and reactions, they could find some way to neutralize it. They were horribly, horribly wrong. The facility was sealed away so that the horrors within would never be unleashed upon Azeroth. But now those seals have broken. . . .

Raid Bosses: 8
Difficulties: Raid Finder, Normal, Heroic, Mythic
Level: 120
September 4 – Normal and Heroic open
September 11 – Mythic, Raid Finder Wing 1: Halls of Containment Taloc, MOTHER, Zek’voz, Herald of N’zoth
September 25 – Raid Finder Wing 2: Crimson Descent Fetid Devourer; Vectis; Zul; Reborn
October 9 – Raid Finder Wing 3: Heart of Corruption Mythrax the Unraveler, G’huun

World Bosses Now Available!
While many of the greatest threats to peace in Azeroth are locked away in ancient vaults or perched atop soaring fortresses, others walk brazenly beneath the open sky. As self-preservation drives the wise to seek shelter from these terrors, glory awaits any brave heroes who wish to test their mettle against the most powerful foes.

Several new world bosses are now available across Zandalar and Kul Tiras.

T’zane Nazmir- Animated by the powerful voodoo of the nearby Necropolis, Tzane stalks the swamps of Nazmir in search of more souls to consume.

Ji’arak Zuldazar- This mighty pterrodax has a roost high up in the mountains of Zuldazar, where the air is too thin for most lungs to draw breath, and life struggles to take hold. Occassionally she descends upon the swamps below in search of heartier meals to bring back to her brood.

Hailstone Construct Drustvar- Built by the original inhabitatns of Drustvar, the Hailstone Construct was built to defend these lands from any invaders. However, years of dormancy have left it addled, and it now sees all residents as threats, vowing to destroy them all.

Azurethos, The Winged Typhoon Kul Tiras- Azurethos, the terror of the Kul Tiran seas, marshals the power of wind to force enemies out of its roost, cause waterspouts, and capsize ships. He has earned his reputation as one of the deadliest beasts in Kul Tiras.

Warbringer Yenajz Stormsong Valley – Dark whispers shroud Stormsong Valley, as rumors of eldritch creatures spread throughout the countryside and families mark their doors with runes from the local scribes. Often dismissed as exaggeration, sometimes housewives’ tales fall far short of the true horrors that lurk in the realm beyond our sight.

Dunegorger Kraulok Vol’dun – Revered by all trolls but the Zandalari especially, the bones of the giant reptiles of Zandalar dot the landscape. But as dark energies stir beneath the sands, sometimes that which was meant to remain dead, does not. Kraulok walks the sands once again, blinded by rage and the endless agony of his dying moments. Woe to those who find themselves in the beast’s path.

Defeating Warbringer Yenajz, T’zane, Dunegorger Kraulok, Hailstone Construct, Ji’arak, and Azurethos will reward the achievement Unbound Monstrosities.

PvP Season 1 Begins Soon!


 

Do you have what it takes to climb the ranks? Battle for Azeroth PvP Season 1 kicks off with new rewards and two new Arenas — Hook Point and The Mugambala. 

PvP Rewards
Now, every week brings new rewards for PvP, and Conquest points are back as a measure of PvP activity. You’ll earn a specific piece of raid-quality PvP gear each week, adding up to full sets of increasing quality over the course of a season. Players who participate in rated PvP can now begin climbing the ratings to receive more-powerful rewards. Both weekly rewards and the occasional end-of-match piece of PvP gear will have higher item levels based on your rating:


  


As you earn Conquest, visit Marshal Gabriel in the Salt and Shanty Inn near the Ashvane Docks in Boralus or Xander Silberman at Mugambala in Zandalar to exchange it for new PvP items. Those are also the locations where you’ll find the new PvP weekly cache chest.

Read about rated PvP updates and rewards here and prepare to leap, blink, sneak, or charge your way into the action. Check out the Player vs. Player Leaderboards to keep track of who has what it takes to make it to the top.

Mythic Keystone Dungeon Season 1


  


We’ve added a new layer to Mythic Keystone dungeons with the introduction of Mythic dungeon seasons that align with the latest content and rewards. As a part of Season 1, we are introducing the use of a new seasonal affix—Infested—which will appear on level 10 or higher Keystones.

The Infested affix reflects the extent of the corruption of the blood god G’huun as it seeps out into Azeroth to infect select denizens of each dungeon. With each new season, we’ll be changing out this third affix to keep players on their toes.

Who will make it to the top of the Mythic Keystone Dungeon Leaderboards?

What are you waiting for? Get in there!


Warfronts Are Rolling In – Will You Weather the Storm?
Are you ready to Battle for Stromgarde? This new Warfront is the ultimate tug-of-war over control of a key location in the war between the Horde and Alliance.

What Are Warfronts?
Warfronts represent large-scale war on the homefront as members of each faction fight for control of a location critical to the war effort between the Horde and Alliance.

Anchored in the real-time strategy RTS origins of Warcraft, you play the role of a lieutenant leading the charge on the ground of a massive battle. Together with 19 fellow allied players, you will create an outpost, secure resources, set up supply lines, and train troops to help push forward and assault an enemy stronghold. Unlike Warcraft III, you’ll be fighting in this conflict firsthand rather than commanding from a top-down perspective—putting you on the front lines of a large-scale, 20-player PvE experience.

Once your faction controls the Stromgarde Warfront, you’ll be able to reap the rewards: access to a variety of new outdoor content for your faction in the nearby Arathi Highlands zone.


<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Senior Producer Michael Bybee and Senior Game Designer Andrew Chambers sit down to give an overview of the new Warfronts feature.

How It All Begins
Arathi Highlands starts off in the hands of the Alliance, with the Horde preparing to launch their assault on Stromgarde to claim Arathi for themselves. But before they can go on the offsensive, the entire Horde faction across the entire game region e.g. the Americas will need to come together and provide war contributions to supply their army.

While the Horde prepares to launch their assault during their contribution phase, the Alliance will have access to a variety of new quests in Arathi Highlands—as well as a special World Boss: Doom’s Howl.

As long as your faction controls the Arathi Highlands, you’ll gain access to a new World Boss. The Alliance will need to defeat Doom’s Howl, while the Horde will need to face The Lion’s Roar—two fearsome engineering feats built to dominate the battlefield.

Once enough contributions have been supplied by Horde players in your region, the Warfront: Battle for Stromgarde unlocks, and Horde players are able to queue for the experience. This queue remains open for a set duration, allowing players enough time to complete the Warfront on a schedule that works for them. Alliance players will be able to continue questing in Arathi Highlands during this time.

After the Horde’s attack on the Warfront is complete, players can no longer queue for it, and the Horde takes control of Arathi Highlands—and all of the benefits that come with it. At this point, the Alliance begins their own resource contribution phase, and the cycle of war begins anew.

To check the status of who has control of Arathi Highlands, visit the War Table either in Boralus Harbor for the Alliance or Port of Zandalar for the Horde.

The cycle begins this week in each region with Horde players contributing war resources first. Players will need to head to Zuldazar Harbor to make their contributions, and you’ll be able to view your faction’s progress on the map. Once your faction reaches 100%, players from the Horde will be able to queue to enter the Warfront battle.

There are many ways to contribute through a variety of quests, fueled by professions including Fishing, Herbalism, Alchemy, Mining, Blacksmithing, or even just a donation of gold you have on hand. Every little bit matters as you prepare to confront the opposing faction.

In return for your efforts, you’ll gain Azerite Power and reputation with either The Honorbound or 7th Legion as a reward.

Weathering Your First Warfront
Once your faction gains the ability to enter the Warfront, you’ll need to queue by using the War Table in either Boralus Harbor for the Alliance or Port of Zandalar for the Horde, where you’ll join with 19 other players to begin the Battle for Stromgarde.

You’ll begin by gathering resources, Iron and Wood, to build out your base of operations and upgrade them. Some of the buildings you’ll be able to create include:


Great Hall – This mandatory “home base” is the first structure you’ll need to build before you begin pushing further into the map. It’s needed to construct other buildings.


Upgrades Available: Stronghold, Fortress


Barracks – This building will produce various troops which will follow you through the battlefield as your personal units.
Armory – This building will allow you to upgrade the weapons and armor of units produced in the Barracks.
Altar of Storms – This building bestows powerful player buffs for a price.
Workshop – Here you can produce powerful siege vehicles to destroy the enemy’s gates.


As in the Warcraft RTS games, you’ll need to balance out your team strategy and focus on coordinating attacks on key points of interest throughout the map to maximize your success.

Taking Key Points of Interest
As you build up, create troops, and siege weapons, you’ll need to work your way through the map and claim various points of interest. As the aggressor, you’ll need to defeat the sitting lieutenant for that base and capture the base flag. The reverse isn’t true for your opponents, however, and if you let them get a foothold or overwhelm your newly captured location, you’ll lose it to them.

These points of interest provide interesting new challenges, access to some new troops, and sometimes some additional bonuses for your base or troops.

The Avenue to Victory
If you’re participating in the Warfront as the Horde, you’ll need to push your way through the map, shoring up your defenses, creating troops, and defeating the enemy along the way toward your ultimate goal – Stromgarde Keep.

If you’re participating in the Warfront as the Alliance, it means reestablishing yourself in Stromgarde and marching on the Horde stronghold, Ar’gorok.

It won’t be easy as you push your way through the opposing forces, batter through the gates, and confront the final boss within these strongholds—you never know who could be waiting for you.

To the Victors . . .
There are plenty of spoils to be had within the Warfront, whether you’re a collector of pets, mounts, and toys, or you’re looking to bolster your Azerite and War Resources. You’ll also be able to gain new transmog set tints to add to your collection.