chaud2019-02-21, 05:34 AMPatch 8.1 Hotfixes - February 20, 2019
Dungeons and Raids

Battle of Dazar’alor

Opulence

Unleashed Rage opal gem buff and Earthen Roots emerald gem buff now also increase damage dealt by pets.

King Rastakhan

Fixed a bug that caused the encounter to unintentionally reset after resurrecting a player who died in the Death Realm.

Lady Jaina Proudmoore

Chilling Touch duration reduced by 20%.
Chilling Touch is no longer affected by Da Voodoo Shuffle.
Fixed a bug that caused Freezing Blood to be sometimes applied to players who correctly had allies nearby, on Mythic Difficulty.




Items

Fixed a bug that caused Enveloping Protection  to be removed early when a target was hit with an attack that would fully absorb the shield.


Player versus Player

 Druid Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Resolved an issue that caused Thorns to deal damage when the target is struck by unintended spells such as Eye for an Eye, Frost Fever, or Virulent Plague.
Restoration

Fixed a bug that caused Soul of the Forest to increase the healing of Germination applied by Nourish without being consumed.
Fixed a bug that allowed Nourish to apply two copies of Lifebloom to a target.






Quests

Flushed out a bug that prevented players from always being properly credited for objectives on "Flush Them Out".




Upcoming Windwalker Monk PTR Change
In the next PTR build*, we’re looking to test this change:


Now, If your primary target of Fists of Fury is dead or despawns, a new primary target will be picked for the purposes of dealing bonus damage to the primary target. It will pick the closest thing to you, unless you already have something else targeted that’s going to be hit by the damage spell.


So this is similar to how Eye Beam picks a target. It should also address Open Palm Strikes Azerite Trait sometimes stopping proccing because your main Fists of Fury target has died.

*This should be soon, but it may be in the public build following the very next one. 


Blue Posts
Keeping in Touch With Good Players
Here’s one thing I like to do–
As soon as I realize “This is a person I’d like to group up with again”, I ask them if they’re in any Communities they really like, and would be open to having me join. I’ve ended up in a few interesting Communities as a result.

And Communities show up in the Social tab of your Blizzard Battlenet App the launcher. Really convenient. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

Zandalari Racial Still not Nerfed
I’ve been following this subject quite closely throughout this PTR.

While I don’t think you’re going to see changes in the very next PTR build coming … you know – “Soon”, I do think you’re going to see some further tuning in a PTR build after that.

I would usually move a thread like this one over to the PTR forum, but I think I’ll leave it here with this: As soon as I know exactly what’s been changed for testing, I’ll post about it in the PTR forum. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

Kul Tiran and Zandalari Unlock Requirements and Faction Change
I’ve completed all the above on my only 120 character. If I was to faction change to alliance now, would I still be able to unlock Zandalari, or do I need to wait till the unlock quest chain is live before faction changing?
Sorry for the delay, but I got some details related to characters that swap factions and these requirements! If you do a faction change your reputations will switch over but quest completion does not, so if you want to qualify to unlock the kul tiran/zandalari you will need to do the main storyline for that continent and faction.

Note that for the War Campaign aspect, if you got to exalted with 7th Legion/Honorbound then you can just do all the chapters without any delays to gain more reputation. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 