Stoy2018-06-21, 07:16 PMWorld of Warcraft Character Services Sale
World of Warcraft character services are currently 25% off at the Blizzard store  and in-game shop. Currently, this affects Appearance Changes, Character Transfers, Race Changes, Name Changes and Faction Changes.


  


Battle for Azeroth™ is approaching fast, and everyone is needed back on the front lines. This weekend, we’re upgrading all inactive World of Warcraft accounts to grant returning players full access to the game* and all their characters—without a subscription—through June 24.

Spread the Word!
As the heroes of Azeroth prepare for war, they look to their in-game friends for help. Whether it’s leveling up for experience, gearing up for combat, or mounting up to explore Azeroth, World of Warcraft is best enjoyed in groups, however big or small. If you have guildmates, friends, or family who haven’t been seen in Azeroth for a while, let them know they can play for free this weekend! 

Need Help Logging Back In?

Download the Blizzard Battle.net Desktop App 
Launch the App and log in to your account.

How to recover your account information 
General login troubleshooting  

Within the App, click the World of Warcraft tab, then either Install or Update.

Latest system requirements 

When the installation or update is complete, click Play.
Play free through June 24, 2018!


25% Off Game Services
Alongside the Welcome Back Weekend for returning players, we’re offering 25% off select game services**.


Appearance Change
Character Transfer
Faction Change
Name Change
Race Change
Character Transfer / Faction Change Combo


Learn more about the Welcome Back Weekend and game services sale here 

*Offer available through June 24, 2018. Player is responsible for any online connection fees. Game access will be granted at the last expansion purchased, or Warlords of Draenor, whichever is greater.

**Sale does not include Guild Services, WoW Token, Character Boost, pets, mounts, or transmog items.


World of Warcraft Free Welcome Back Weekend
All inactive WoW accounts have been upgraded to Warlords of Draenor and made active for free until June 24th. This means that you can currently play the game up to Warlords of Draenor or the latest expansion purchased content without a sub until June 24th.


  



Upcoming Australian Dollar AUD Price Changes for Select World of Warcraft Services
World of Warcraft is played in many regions around the world, and we regularly conduct reviews of the prices of our games and services in all currencies. From time to time, it’s necessary to make changes to certain pricing based on a variety of factors, including global and regional market conditions. Following a careful evaluation, we wanted to provide notice that we’ll soon be adjusting the Australian dollar AUD prices of some of the select services available for World of Warcraft.

The new AUD pricing, reflected in the table below, will go into effect on 26 June AEST. Subscription prices will not be affected.

New Zealand dollar pricing will be unaffected by this price change, and players in New Zealand will continue to purchase digital game software, virtual items, subscriptions, and optional game services at the current NZD pricing.

We know that people have a lot of options for entertainment, and we never take pricing adjustments such as this lightly. We appreciate that players choose to spend their time with World of Warcraft, and we’re committed to ensuring the game continues to provide Australian players with a great entertainment value. 

New Price Starting 26 June AUD - 

Name Change - $13.50
Appearance Change - $20.00 
Helms - $20.00 
WoW Token - No change 
Character Transfer- $34.00
Race Change - $34.00 
Pets - $13.50
Mounts - $34.00
Warforged Nightmare - $40.00 
Pet & Mount Bundle - $47.00 
Faction Change - $40.00 
Guild Transfer - $47.00 
Guild Faction Change - $54.00 
Guild Name Change - $27.00 
Character Transfer & Faction Change - $74.00 
Character Boost - $80.00
Guild Transfer & Faction Change - $88.00