chaud2018-06-02, 06:11 PMWarcraft Movie Prop Auction
The Warcraft Movie auction ended recently! We are taking a look at some of the most and least expensive excluding VFX props items.


  

Top 15 Highest Selling Props

King Llane's Dominic Cooper Battle Armor with Shield  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dhighlow - $60,000
King Llane's Dominic Cooper Hero Close-Up Steel Blade Sword and Sheath  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dhighlow - $51,000
Lothar's Travis Fimmel Alliance Armor with Sword  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dhighlow - $41,000
King Llane's Dominic Cooper Shield  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dhighlow - $31,000
King Llane's Dominic Cooper Shield  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dhighlow - $25,000
Lothar's Travis Fimmel Hero Close-Up Steel Blade Sword and Sheath  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dhighlow - $21,000
Alliance Knight Armor with Poleaxe  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dhighlow - $18,000
King Llane's Dominic Cooper Ring  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dhighlow - $18,000
Alliance Foot Soldier Battle-Damaged Armor with Weapons  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dhighlow - $16,000
Alliance Knight Armor with Poleaxe  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dhighlow - $15,000
Orgrim Doomhammer's Robert Kazinsky Doomhammer  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dhighlow - $12,000
Alliance Foot Soldier Battle-Damaged Armor with Weapons  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dhighlow - $11,000
King Llane's Dominic Cooper Throne  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dhighlow - $10,000
Alliance Foot Soldier Armor with Weapons  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dhighlow - $10,000
Karos's Ryan Robbins Knight Armor and Shield  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dhighlow - $9.000


Top 15 Lowest Selling Props

Alliance Foot Soldier Underpinning Pieces  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dlowhigh - $125
Stormwind Armory Sword Rack  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dlowhigh - $175
Eight King Llane Dominic Cooper Candles  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dlowhigh - $200
Alliance Foot Soldier Stunt Gloves  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dlowhigh - $200
Stormwind Child Short Wooden Sword  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dlowhigh - $225
Orc Foot Print Makers  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dlowhigh - $225
Callan's Burkely Duffield Field Hospital Costume  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dlowhigh - $250
Stormwind Child Long Wooden Sword  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dlowhigh - $250
Orc Bowls  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dlowhigh - $250
Three Lions Pride Inn Tankards  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dlowhigh - $275
Two Alliance Knight Skirts  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dlowhigh - $300
Halberd Polearm  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dlowhigh - $300
Eight Lion's Pride Inn Toy Animals  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dlowhigh - $325
King Llane's Dominic Cooper Chandelier Lion Adornments  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dlowhigh - $325
Garona's Paula Patton Prison Cell Food Platter  rice%26sorthighlow%3Dlowhigh - $325


Blue Posts
Old Talent Trees
For me the most annoying thing I hear is when people say the older talent trees were better and gave more choices when we all know it was really an illusion of choice given that for the most part was very cookie cutter. I do admit though that the good thing about them was it felt like you were continuously rewarded every level but the idea that they gave more "choice" wasn't really accurate given how it naturally filtered into set builds. I firmly believe that the modern talent trees are better in the since that your choices do feel very impactful and they overall give you far more utility than the original trees did. Being able to adjust my toolkit slightly to fill a certain niche feels really good when it does happen and its something that I feel very engaged on trying to figure out.

Just an extra note this is a good thread but lets try to keep it civil here and avoid the name calling.

Yes, I do agree with you, to a point. For PvE, you betcha.
I didn't PvP that much until after the talent revamp so you might be right in that you could create some quirky builds that were fun. 

If the early talent trees weren't impactful then why were there "set builds" using them?
While I implied it I didn't directly say that, however you can have set builds and still feel like the decisions you're making aren't that impactful as a whole. It becomes more of a situation of "these builds work so you pretty much have to do this as anything else isn't as viable". Versus me deciding to change up a choice of say what kind of Beacon talent to use I know they aren't all like this but its an example.

I do miss having actual points to spend in talents not necessarily having so many talents themselves to make an ability stronger.
Yeah that is the only thing I actually miss about them. It was nice feeling like you were continually rewarded even though it majority of the time was something simple like "2% more Shadow Word: Pain damage" or "1% more Stamina" 

 Priest Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / Artifact Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 
Holy Priest feedback
We've seen a lot of feedback on Apotheosis and level 100 generally after the talent swap. 2 changes in next build:

--Duration 20s and cooldown 2min from 30s and 3min. The shorter cooldown is likely worth a lot more than 10s of added duration, in terms of how you usually want to use it to deliver strong healing for a situation that doesn't necessarily last 30 seconds.

--The bonus is +300% rather than +200%. This matches the strength that it has on live when Light of the Naaru is taken. Apotheosis didn't need to be weakened outright, and can have the synergy with Light of the Naaru baked in, now that you can't take both. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 


Mythic Dungeon Invitational Global Finals Begin June 22!
It began with 32 teams going head-to-head over a series of four weekends—and not it’s come down to this. The top two teams the Americas, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and China have earned a spot in the Mythic Dungeon Invitational Global Finals and a chance to claim their share of the $100,000 prize pool. All eight teams will now go head-to-head in a race to the finish until just one team is left: the Mythic Dungeon Invitational Global Champions!

The Americas

Method

Jdotb
Mitt
Marvin
Bandname
Dark



Team Omegasniped

Xyronic
Luffy
Hadrion
Imfiredup
Zongoso


Europe

Method PogChamp

Drjay
Elserat
Sjele
Sebs
Musclebrah


Kjell's Angels

Ciralliou
Divinefield
Ashine
Dorullkjell
Herudra


Asia-Pacific

Free Marsy

Sups
Aere
Brath
Ero
Retrofresh


Gulch Trotters

Tekniqz
Chompey
Dagg
Shape
Skylark


China

Skyline D

Myoo
Mmy
Mgt
Fangxuejiang
Rains


SunSky

Jianfan
Lizijie
Orange
Coco
Ohyes


What's Next
The top two teams from each region will travel to the MLG Arena in Columbus, Ohio to take part in the first ever Mythic Dungeon Invitational LAN event, broadcast live June 22–24. See the full schedule on the Mythic Dungeon Invitational site here.

We’ve received a lot of great feedback from players and the community over the course of the Mythic Dungeon Invitational, and we’ve made a few additional changes to shake things up for the finals.


Keystone levels are going even higher. Competitors will take on +23, +24, and +25 as the bracket progresses.
All three Affixes are locked in per map.
Maps have been shuffled between the map pools.
To keep things interesting, we’ve shuffled some of your favorite affixes to keep competitors on their toes.
We’ve reintroduced Skittish and added some additional variety overall.
Artifact Weapons now scale up to 995.


We’ve also revisited some of our policies regarding how we handle potential in-game bugs and issues.


With the event occurring via LAN with players on-site, verifiable technical issues such as hardware failures or internet instability may result in a remake, depending on the impact and severity of the issue.
If an in-game bug or issue occurs that prevents a player from being able to continue play due to game physics, such as getting stuck in terrain, a remake will be called.
Issues that will not lead to a restart include: creatures evading or resetting, hitting the wrong target with spells or melee attacks, or buffs/debuffs being applied incorrectly.


A lot is on the line at the MDI Global Finals, and we look forward to having you tune in for this historic first Mythic Dungeon Invitational LAN competition!

But that’s not all we have in store. We’re excited to reveal that there’s even more on the line.

We’re excited to announce the Mythic Dungeon Invitational All-Stars, a special live exhibition tournament that summons some of the best dungeon-running teams from around the globe to BlizzCon 2018! We’re bringing the worlds of the MDI and the WoW Arena World Championship together in Anaheim for the first time ever, and WoW esports fans are in for a truly epic weekend.

The top four teams from the MDI Global Finals will be invited to the MDI All-Stars, where they’ll tackle the newest Battle for Azeroth dungeons live on stage in front of thousands of attendees and esports fans watching online. This will be the first MDI tournament to feature Battle for Azeroth, so get ready for a whole new set of dungeons, bosses, and cunning strategies.

If your favorite team doesn’t make it to the All-Stars event, don’t worry—this will just be the start of the MDI competition for the new expansion. After Battle for Azeroth launches later this year, we’ll share more information on our MDI plans, including the full schedule and format of the All-Stars event and how to compete in future events. Stay tuned!


This Week in WoW History
We're taking a look back at old MMO-Champion posts and World of Warcraft news that occurred during this time in previous years.

Mists of Pandaria Animations
WoW’s 4th expansion, Mists of Pandaria introduced numerous new abilities to all the classes in the game. These new abilities were featured throughout a series of videos. While some of them you might be familiar with, there have been many interesting ones which have been removed throughout recent expansions.


  

Project Titan
A secret MMO, codename “Titan” was leaked from Blizzard in 2011. Many people expected this new game to debut around 2014, however in an interview with Venturebeat, Shon Damron stated that the project has been reset. Many of the developers that were working on the project were reassigned to other teams. After this announcement, most people were expecting the game to be pushed back a few years. In later talks about the Titan, it was mentioned that this marked the end of the project, but many of the assets were used in the development of Overwatch.


  

Your Base on Draenor
A series of Blue posts in 2014 previewed one of the biggest additions to the game in Warlords of Draenor. The Garrison system was influenced by the RTS days of Warcraft, giving players a way of building their own base. Garrisons would play a critical role in the leveling and end-game experience during the expansion by bringing a variety of building types that affect the gameplay in different ways. The process of building this new base consists of recruiting followers, and acquiring blueprints for new, and improved buildings.


  

Patch 6.2 Mounts
The last content patch of Warlords of Draenor added a few new mounts to the game. The Bristling Hellboar was a reward for reaching Exalted with The Saberstalkers, but it cost 5000 Blackfang Claw. The second mount was the Reins of the Corrupted Dreadwing, which could be purchased in Tanaan Jungle for a mere 150,000 Apexis Crystals. Mythic raiders who defeated Archimonde were rewarded with a Felsteel Annihilator, and even though only one dropped per kill, they had plenty of time to ensure everyone in the raid got one.


  

Mad Merchant
Legion introduced a vendor in Dalaran, who is only available during specific times. This Mad Merchant sells a toy, a bag, a companion, and a mount, all of which cost an absurd amount of gold. The Bloodfang Cocoon is still a unique mount model available only for players with pockets deep enough to afford it.


  

Overwatch - Honest Trailer
Smosh Games released their Overwatch Honest Trailer in 2016, where they make fun of the clear resemblances between Overwatch and other similar games. The video is filled with jokes, while giving a pretty accurate representation of the game during the time it was recorded.


 