chaud2018-08-24, 12:43 PMThe Hivemind Mount - Placeholder
It turns out that The Hivemind  was a placeholder, and didn't make it into the final game.
The Hivemind mount was actually a placeholder during beta : It's since been removed from data. The secret hunt is, however, far from over. Good luck!

To clarify, that idea was super cool, but didn't make it into the shipping product. It might be seen again in the future.


Patch 8.0.1 Hotfixes - August 23, 2018
Achievements

Ravenous Sandworms should now occasionally drop scales for Adept Sandfisher 


Azerite Powers

Fixed an issue where Havoc Demon Hunters in Metamorphosis would not reliably trigger Meticulous Scheming.


Classes

Power Word: Fortitude, Arcane Intellect, and Battle Shout are visible on raid frames out of combat to all members of the class who can cast them.
 Paladin Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Blessed Hammer  correctly benefits only the casting Paladin.



Creatures and NPCs

Fixed an issue with Faceless Tendrils in Atul'aman that caused them to ignore line of sight.


Dungeons

Waycrest Manor

Fixed an issue where a sister in the Heartsbane Triad could end up as the last witch alive and still have her damage reduction shield.
Fixed a bug where the Heartsbane Triad could be considered defeated at incorrect times.



Items

Players should no longer be able to use the Electroshock Mount Motivator to motivate flight path mounts to move quicker.
Wolfpelt Greatcloak now has the same amount of stamina as other, similar cloaks.


Pet Battles

Beguiling Orb can now be interacted with by multiple players at the same time.


Player versus Player

 Druid Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Balance

Ironfeather Armor no longer incorrectly increases the haste gained by Incarnation: Chosen of Elune.




Quests

Xun Xun Sweetflower will now allow you to complete "Exotic Spices."
Bumbles should no longer be missing from the Mildenhall Meadery for “Let’s Bee Friends”.


World Quests

Bear Heart and Caustic Sap now drop more frequently for “Bruin Potions”.


World

A Horde flight path icon for Erika Jones is now present on the world map.
The Fort Daelin Inn now grants rest.
The Watertusk now grants rest to Alliance players.
Binding your hearthstone to The Hozen Throne now refers to the player’s location appropriately as “The Hozen Throne”.