Stoy2019-07-11, 02:01 PMGaining Experience with Your Nazjatar Faction Bodyguards
By now you should have noticed that the main method of gaining experience with your chosen bodyguard for the day requires doing three daily quests marked with blue exclamation points that grant 100 experience each. However, there are a few other item drops found around Nazjatar that should help speed this process up a bit. Those of you wanting to finish Undersea Usurper  for Snapback Scuttler  should pay attention because one of the requirements is Aqua Team Murder Force  / Aqua Team Murder Force , which requires you to get all 3 of your bodyguards to rank 30!

Uncommon Items

Eel Filet 

Turn into Vim Brineheart  H or Farseer Ori  A at your Nazjatar hub or to them straight away if they are your active bodyguard to give them 50 experience.
Small chance to drop from Chasm-Haunter  and lesser chance from any eels in Nazjatar.

Fathom Ray Wing 

Turn into Neri Sharpfin  H or Hunter Akana  A at your Nazjatar hub or to them straight away if they are your active bodyguard to give them 50 experience.
Small chance to drop from Deepglider , Soundless  and lesser chance from any type of fathom rays in Nazjatar.

Giant Crab Leg 

Turn into Poen Gillbrack  H or Bladesman Inowari  A at your Nazjatar hub or to them straight away if they are your active bodyguard to give them 50 experience.
Small chance to drop from Sandclaw Stoneshell  and lesser chance from any crabs in Nazjatar.

Reefwalker Bark 

Turn into your Nazjatar hub to give all of your bodyguards 20 experience each.
Small chance to drop from Anemonar , Kelpwillow , Oronu , Urduu  and lesser chance from any coral ancients in Nazjatar.


Rare Items

Ancient Reefwalker Bark 

Turn into your Nazjatar hub to give all of your bodyguards 100 experience each.
Chance to drop from Anemonar , Kelpwillow , Oronu , Urduu  
This item will only drop once per week for your character.

Naga Deployment Orders  / Naga Deployment Orders 

Use this item by right clicking it to give all of your bodyguards 150 experience each.
Very small chance to drop from the glimmering chests spawned while using Scrying Stone 
The second way to obtain one is to use your Azsh'ari Stormsurger Cape  to see if Mrrl  is selling an Ominous Looking Tome  that day. 

This item does require you to find and purchase a Hungry Herald's Tentacle Taco  from Murloco  as part of the Murloc trading process.

You can receive these orders multiple times a week if you are extremely lucky.


Epic Items

Unusually Wise Hermit Crab 

Select one of your bodyguards and use the item to give them 75 experience.
Purchased as one the basic options for Mrrl  to be selling that day no cape required






Reaching Rank 20 with a Bodyguard
Upon reaching rank 20 with your Neri Sharpfin  H or Hunter Akana  A bodyguard, you will be given the quest Good Girl H or Wild Tame A which gives you the Snapdragon Kelpstalker  H or Deepcoral Snapdragon  A mount! Unlocking one of these mounts will also unlock the equivalent for the opposite faction to use.

Thanks to forum user Ryken  for clarifying the other bodyguard rewards!


Reaching Rank 20 with Vim Brineheart  H or Farseer Ori  A rewards Book of the Unshackled  H or Carved Ankoan Charm  A.
Reaching Rank 20 with Poen Gillbrack  H or Bladesman Inowari  A rewards Lustrous Glimmershell  H or Brilliant Glimmershell  A.



   
 


Nazjatar Rares Guide
Here you will find an alphabetical list of all rares in Nazjatar, notable loot, and how to spawn them. Note that their location on the map is indicated by their number on this list. For information on the rares of Mechagon, check our our guide here !

  


1. Alga the Eyeless 


Spawn Conditions - On a timer
Location - Map Indicator - 1 South of Azsh'ari Terrace, Western Path of Coral Forest
Notable Drops - Blind Eye  Turn in to Gloomseeker Yarga in an underwater cave in the Hanging Reef for a bag of gold and sometimes a random Nazjatar item.


2. Allseer Oma'kil 


Spawn Conditions - On a timer
Location - Map Indicator - 2 Kal'methir on Map
Notable Drops - Scrying Stone 


3. Anemonar 


Spawn Conditions - Dormant. You need to fly way up into the sky to find a Colassal Sky Ray, kite it all the way to the rare without the ray reseting, and kill it on top of the rare to activate it.
Location - Map Indicator - 3 Middle of Coral Forest, red area of map south of Kal'methir
Notable Drops - Ancient Reefwalker Bark  weekly turn in for bodyguard experience/rep


4. Avarius 


Spawn Conditions - Use Brinestone Pickaxe  to collect shards and use them at the summoning area when it is active.
Location - Map Indicator - 4 Northwest of Map, west of Gate of the Queen
Notable Drops - Brinestone Algan 


5. Banescale the Packfather  


Spawn Conditions - Has a chance to spawn after killing Siltstalker the Packmother
Location - Map Indicator - 5 Just southwest of the Drowned Market on map
Notable Drops - Scrying Stone 


6. Blindlight  


Spawn Conditions - On a Timer
Location - Map Indicator - 6 South Spears of Azshara, inside a cave, entrance just to the east of map indicator
Notable Drops - Necrofin Tadpole 


7. Carnivorous Lasher 


Spawn Conditions - Use Germinating Seed  to grow the lasher, then click and feed it extra action button about 10 nearby Bloated Seaflies to activate this rare.
Location - Map Indicator - 7 Northern Coral Forest, southwest of Azsh'ari Terrace on map
Notable Drops - Coral Lashling 


8. Caverndark Terror 


Spawn Conditions - On a Timer, inside cave
Location - Map Indicator - 8 In a cave in the North part of the map northwest of Gate of the Queen
Notable Drops - Caverndark Nightmare 


9. Chasm-Haunter  


Spawn Conditions - On a Timer
Location - Map Indicator - 9 Southern tip of Tide's Fall, In a cave through the waterfall
Notable Drops - Eel Filet 


10. Deepglider 


Spawn Conditions - On a timer
Location - Map Indicator - 10 Western Coral Forest path, red area of map
Notable Drops - Fathom Ray Wing 


11. Elder Unu 


Spawn Conditions - On a timer
Location - Map Indicator - 11 North Kal'methir in a building
Notable Drops - Scrying Stone 


12. Elderspawn Nalaada 


Spawn Conditions - On a Timer
Location - Map Indicator - 12 Eastern side of southern area, south of Newhome
Notable Drops - Spawn of Nalaada 


13. Iridescent Glimmershell 


Spawn Conditions - On a Timer
Location - Map Indicator - 13 East of Mezzamere
Notable Drops - Pearlescent Glimmershell 


14. Kelpwillow  


Spawn Conditions - Dormant. Use a Prismatic Crystal  on a Muck Slug  and have it follow you to activate the rare.
Location - Map Indicator - 14 Eastern side of southern area, south of Newhome
Notable Drops - Ancient Reefwalker Bark  weekly turn in for bodyguard experience/rep


15. King Gakula 


Spawn Conditions - Shoo Tadpoles in the area until spawn
Location - Map Indicator - 15 West on map, above Ashen Strand
Notable Drops - Murgle 


16. Oronu 


Spawn Conditions - Dormant. Obtain the Drowned Hatchling  and summon it in front of the rare to activate it.
Location - Map Indicator - 16 East on map, above Zin-Azshari
Notable Drops - Ancient Reefwalker Bark  weekly turn in for bodyguard experience/rep


17. Prince Typhonus 


Spawn Conditions - On a Timer
Location - Map Indicator - 17 Very southern tip above Tide's Fall
Notable Drops - Seafury 


18. Prince Vortran 


Spawn Conditions - On a timer
Location - Map Indicator - 18 Just North of Tide's Fall
Notable Drops - Stormwrath 


19. Scale Matriarch Gratinax  


Spawn Conditions - Shares a spawn timer with other 2 scale matriarchs.
Location - Map Indicator - 19 East Ashen Strand
Notable Drops - Scalebrood Hydra 


20. Scale Matriarch Vynara  


Spawn Conditions - Shares a spawn timer with other 2 scale matriarchs.
Location - Map Indicator - 20 Northwestern Ashen Strand
Notable Drops - Scalebrood Hydra 


21. Scale Matriarch Zodia  


Spawn Conditions - Shares a spawn timer with other 2 scale matriarchs.
Location - Map Indicator - 21 Southwestern Ashen Strand
Notable Drops - Scalebrood Hydra 


22. Shassera 


Spawn Conditions - On a timer
Location - Map Indicator - 22 North part of map in a cave
Notable Drops - Shadescale 


23. Siltstalker the Packmother 


Spawn Conditions - On a timer, small chance to spawn Banescale the Packfather  rare nearby after defeated.
Location - Map Indicator - 23 Southeast part of the map, south of Drowned Market on map
Notable Drops - Snapdragon Scent Gland 


24. Tidelord Aquatus  


Spawn Conditions - Kill Azsh'ari Invoker's surrounding the pool. Most of the time a water elemental will spawn in the pool, but sometimes it is this rare.
Location - Map Indicator - 24 Pool Northeast of Azsh'ari Terrace on map
Notable Drops - Waterlogged Toolbox 


25. Tidelord Dispersius  


Spawn Conditions - Kill Azsh'ari Invoker's surrounding the pool. Most of the time a water elemental will spawn in the pool, but sometimes it is this rare.
Location - Map Indicator - 25 Pool north of Azsh'ari Terrace on map
Notable Drops -Waterlogged Toolbox  


26. Tidemistress Leth'sindra 


Spawn Conditions - In the area you will find purple Undisturbed Specimen eggs. Click these until she spawns.
Location - Map Indicator - 26 Northeast of Azsh'ari Terrace by hatchery
Notable Drops - Shirakess Warning Sign 


27. Urduu  


Spawn Conditions - Dormant. Kite and kill a Staghorn Reefwalker on top of this rare to activate him
Location - Map Indicator - 27 East of map, North of Ashen Strand
Notable Drops - Ancient Reefwalker Bark  weekly turn in for bodyguard experience/rep


28. Voice in the Deeps 


Spawn Conditions - Behind some rocks. There should be a purple lobster tail just south of the rare's location. Click it to receive Molted Shell  and slide into the rocks to activate the rare.
Location - Map Indicator - 28 East Kal'methir
Notable Drops - Scrying Stone 


29. Vor'koth 


Spawn Conditions - Use Chum  on eel infested water while it's active and kill eels to get more Chum  to eventually spawn this rare.
Location - Map Indicator - 29 South of Gate of the Queen on map
Notable Drops - Skittering Eel 



Rares with Multiple Spawn Points

30. Amethyst Spireshell  


Spawn Conditions - Basically anywhere
Location - Map Indicator - 30 Critter size. just keep an eye out, it's on a lot of walls and ceilings
Notable Drops - Amethyst Softshell 


31. Daggertooth Terror  


Spawn Conditions - Basically spawns in any source of water in Nazjatar
Location - Map Indicator - 31 Various pools around the map. Basically anywhere you see a body of water
Notable Drops - Daggertooth Frenzy 


32. Garnetscale  


Spawn Conditions - Can spawn in multiple places in Ashen Strand ponds.
Location - Map Indicator - 32 Water around Ashen Strand
Notable Drops - Razorshell 


33. Mirecrawler  


Spawn Conditions - Basically anywhere
Location - Map Indicator - 33 Critter size. just keep an eye out, it's on a lot of walls and ceilings
Notable Drops - Wriggler 


34. Needlespine  


Spawn Conditions - On a timer
Location - Map Indicator - 34 Caves and pools of water south and west of Gate of the Queen
Notable Drops - Chitterspine Needler 


35. Rockweed Shambler 


Spawn Conditions - Killing Algans in the zone has a chance to spawn this rare in the location of the kill.
Location - Map Indicator - 35 Spawns near when the Algan is killed
Notable Drops - Budding Algan 


36. Sandcastle 


Spawn Conditions - Spawned instead of a Glimmering Chests while using a Scrying Stone 
Location - Map Indicator - 36 Anywhere you spawn a Glimmering chest with Scrying Stone 
Notable Drops - Sandkeep 


37. Sandclaw Stoneshell 


Spawn Conditions - Can spawn in many different places on the west side of the map
Location - Map Indicator - 37 Mainly in locations south and east of Kal'methir
Notable Drops - Glittering Diamondshell , Giant Crab Leg 


38. Shiz'narasz the Consumer  


Spawn Conditions - This can spawn in many different areas of the Chitterspine Caverns
Location - Map Indicator - 38 Southeast of Gate of the Queen on the map
Notable Drops - Voltscale Shield 


39. Soundless  


Spawn Conditions - 2-8 hour spawn timer with multiple spawn points on top of the coral in the Coral Forest.
Location - Map Indicator - 39 Coral Forest, red area of map
Notable Drops - Silent Glider , Fathom Ray Wing 


40. Toxigore the Alpha  


Spawn Conditions - Can spawn in multiple places near Nar'anan
Location - Map Indicator - 40 South of Kal'methir on the map
Notable Drops - Alpha Fin 