chaud2018-09-12, 06:17 AMPatch 8.0.1 Hotfixes - September 11, 2018
Classes

 Hunter Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Primal Rage Command Pet ability should now correctly reset its cooldown at the end of an encounter.

Warlock - Affliction Deathbolt's damage now only counts up to the maximum base duration of your DoTs. Source 


Items

Dread Aspirant's Emblem  and Dread Gladiator's Emblem  maximum health value increased by 55%.
Inoculating Extract  healing increased by 44%.
Lingering Sporepods  healing increased by 140%.
Mchimba's Ritual Bandages  absorb increased by 190%.
Revitalizing Voodoo Totem  healing increased by 33%.
Xalzaix's Veiled Eye  absorb increased by 190%.

Developers’ notes: We re-evaluated our guidelines for budgeting defensive and health-restoring effects in comparison to damage-dealing effects, and concluded that several such trinkets needed a significant increase.

Heart of Azeroth

Fixed an issue where Blessed Portents  would not trigger from self-inflicted damage.
Synaptic Spark Capacitor  Druid now correctly reduces the damage you take from affected enemies by 5%.
Fixed an issue where Wild Fleshrending  Feral Druid would not increase the damage of Brutal Slash.



Player versus Player

Inevitable Demise  now functions in PvP.
Hunter

Command Pet will now properly change to the appropriate ability Survival of the Fittest, Master's Call, Primal Rage when entering Arenas.



Raids

Fetid Devourer's health, and the health of Corruption Corpuscle and Mutated Mass have been lowered significantly in Mythic difficulty. Source 



Quests

Grasping Thorns should now despawn when their shapers are killed during "Goldfield's War."
Fixed a bug that caused daily Pterrodax raising quests to disappear after entering an instance.


Warfront

The Warfront queue now requires a minimum item level of 320.
Unlocking the fifth tier of War traits now only requires defeating two unique enemy Warfront commanders was three commanders.




Reddit AMA with 4 Former WoW Developers Wednesday
AMA about Vanilla WoW, with 4 former developers on reddit/classicwow , Wed Sept 12th at 4 PM EDT

John Staats, the author of The WoW Diary thewowdiary.com, will be joined by former teammates for an AMA. Former devs include lead gameplay programmer Sam Lantinga, exterior level designer Bo Bell, and game designer Alexander Brazie. They will appear on r/classicwow Wednesday, September 12th at 4 PM EDT. We will be fielding questions from people interested in the nuts-and-bolts of how MMOs are built, demystifying the process of game development.

Bo Bell Hapy00 created zones such as Loch Modan, Duskwood, Moonglade, Thousand Needles, Silverpine Forest, and Durotar. He helped on other zones with other exterior level designers they all did. He worked in QA for almost two years before moving onto WoW, testing Diablo, Starcraft, and Diablo II.

Alexander Brazie Xelnath was a monster, dungeon, and raid designer who joined the company soon after the game launched. He worked on event design, monster design, spawning, boss fight design, pet battles, and overhauling warlock spells.

Sam Lantinga slouken was a lead gameplay engineer on WoW. In addition to creating the WoW UI addon system, he worked on spells, AI, and gameplay systems like phasing and battlegrounds.

John Staats whenitsready built half of Vanilla WoW's instanced dungeons, and 90% of its non-instanced dungeons caves, mines, crypts, etc., including Booty Bay, Warsong Gulch, and Loch Modan Dam.

If you have questions, please join us.


Why Does Jaina Proudmoore Sound So Familiar?
Find out what else Jaina Proudmoore's voice actor has done in this video!


<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>