chaud2019-05-02, 02:37 AMPatch 8.2 PTR - Build 30262
Another build is on the way to the PTR!

Achievement Changes
Appearances
Collections

Under The Seams  Name changed from "PH - Nazjatar Raid Transmog" to "Under The Seams".


Battle for Azeroth
Exploration

Give Me the Biggest Bag You've Got New  Obtain all of the items from Nazjatar listed below. 10 points.
I Thought You Said They'd Be Rare? New  Slay all of the rare and powerful creatures of Nazjatar listed below. 10 points.
Junkyard Melomaniac New  Unlock the Rustbolt Gramophone and all of its musical tracks. 10 points.
Nautical Battlefield Training New  Assist your allies in Nazjatar, helping them level up a total of 45 times.
Nazjatarget Eliminated New  Defeat Azshara's champions in the Nazjatar world quests listed below. 10 points.
Outside Influences  Complete all quest quests from the visitors in Mechagon.
Tour of the Depths New  Complete the Nazjatar achievements listed below.
Undersea Usurper New  Complete the Nazjatar achievements listed below.


Quests

The Heart Forge  Unlock the Heart Forge in the repaired Chamber of Heart 10 points.


Battle Raid
Dungeons & Raids

If it Pleases the Court New  Perform various emotes to earn Queen Azshara's Favor in the Eternal Palace, then defeat The Queen's Court on Normal Difficulty or higher. 10 points.
Intro to Marine Biology  Defeat the Underwater Monstrosity Blackwater Behemoth in The Eternal Palace after collecting 50 samples of sea life from within the Darkest Depths. 10 points. on Normal Difficulty of higher. 10 points.
You and What Army? New  Defeat Abyssal Commander Sivara in The Eternal Palace while all three of her lieutenants are alive and engaged in the fight on Normal difficulty or higher. 10 points.


Collect
Pet Battles

Mecha-Safari New  Catch every battle pet on Mechagon Island. 5 points. Account Wide.
Nazjatari Safari New  Catch every battle pet in Nazjatar. 5 points. Account Wide.


Dungeons & Raids

Glory of the Palace Raider New  Complete the Eternal Palace raid achievements listed below. 25 points. Account Wide.


Mounts
Feats of Strength

Notorious Gladiator's Proto-Drake New  Obtain the Notorious Gladiator's Proto-Drake from Battle for Azeroth Season 3.


Pet Battles

Team Aquashock New  Complete all of the Nazjatar and Mechagon pet battle achievements listed below. Reward: Kelpfin. 10 points. Account Wide.


Player vs. Player
Feats of Strength

Challenger: Battle for Azeroth Season 3 New  Earn the rank of Challenger during Battle for Azeroth Season 3. Title Reward: Challenger.
Combatant: Battle for Azeroth Season 3 New  Earn the rank of Combatant during Battle for Azeroth Season 3. Title Reward: Combatant.
Duelist: Battle for Azeroth Season 3 New  Earn the rank of Duelist during Battle for Azeroth Season 3. Title Reward: Duelist.
Elite: Battle for Azeroth Season 3 New  Earn the rank of Elite during Battle for Azeroth Season 3. Title Reward: the Elite.
Gladiator: Battle for Azeroth Season 3 New  Win 50 3v3 games while at Elite rank during Battle for Azeroth Season 3. Reward: Gladiator Title and Mount.
Hero of the Alliance: Notorious New  End Battle for Azeroth Season 3 in the top 0.5% of the rated battleground ladder requires 50 games won on your current faction in Battle for Azeroth Season 3.
Hero of the Horde: Notorious New  End Battle for Azeroth Season 3 in the top 0.5% of the rated battleground ladder requires 50 games won on your current faction in Battle for Azeroth Season 3.
Notorious Combatant New  Account Wide.
Notorious Combatant New  Account Wide.
Notorious Gladiator: Battle for Azeroth Season 3 New  End Battle for Azeroth PvP Season 3 in the top 0.1% of the 3v3 arena ladder requires 150 games won on your current faction in Battle for Azeroth Season 3. Title Reward: Notorious Gladiator.
Rival: Battle for Azeroth Season 3 New  Earn the rank of Rival during Battle for Azeroth Season 3. Title Reward: Rival.




Spell Changes
Mounts

Notorious Gladiator's Proto-Drake  Name changed from "Purple Gladiator's Proto-Drake" to "Notorious Gladiator's Proto-Drake". Summons and dismisses your Purple Notorious Gladiator's Proto-Drake. 1.5 sec cast.


 Demon Hunter Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Vengeance

Demon Hunter  Demon Hunter - Vengeance Spec. Demon Hunter - Vengeance Spec.
Soul Cleave  Viciously strike all enemies in front of you for [ 41.85% [ 50% of Attack Power ] Physical damage and heal yourself for [ 105% of Attack Power ]. Consumes up to 2 Soul Fragments within 25 yds. Requires One-Handed Melee Weapon. Demon Hunter - Vengeance Spec. Demon Hunter - Vengeance Spec. 30 Pain. Melee range. Instant.


 Druid Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Mangle Balance, Feral, Restoration  Generates 8 Rage. Generates 10 Rage.
Mangle Guardian  Generates 8 Rage. Generates 10 Rage.


Guardian

Frenzied Regeneration  Heals you for 18% of maximum health over 3 sec. Immediately heals you for up to 18% additional health based on Rage spent 24% health based on Rage spent, then heals you for 18% health over 3 sec. 1 charge. Requires Bear Form. Druid - Guardian Spec. Druid - Guardian Spec. 10 Rage. 10 Rage. Instant. 36 sec recharge. 1 charge.


 Monk Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 

Touch of Fatality  Name changed from "Touch of Death" to "Touch of Fatality". Instantly kills any creature under level 100, or player under 20% health. 3 Chi 120, or player under 20% health. Melee range. Instant. 1.5 min cooldown.


Azerite Traits

Personal Absorb-o-Tron  Taking damage has a chance to call your Personal Absorb-o-Tron, absorbing 100% 50% of damage taken over 20 sec, up to 1,815. Increases your Kul Tiran or Zandalari Engineering by 30. Approximately 1.5 procs per minute.


Item Effects

Activating New  Places the Spark-1,351 down to animate nearby sources of sludge for a short while. Unlimited range. 1.5 sec cast. 30 sec cooldown. 1 sec global cooldown.
Activating New  Activates the Spark-7,143 to animate nearby sources of sludge. Unlimited range. 1.5 sec cast. 30 sec cooldown. 1 sec global cooldown.
Azeroth Mini Display Base: Mechagon New  Summon the base and display a figure from your collection. Instant. 60 min cooldown.
Azeroth Mini: Knuckles New  Place an Azeroth Mini figure of Scrapbot on the ground. 100 yd range. 0.5 sec cast.
BOOM-TASTIC 3000 New  Fires a single rocket capable of destroying aerial transports. 120 yd range. 2 sec cast. 8 sec cooldown.
Bootzooka  Target Volcanoth and fire! Does 0 20 Fire damage and the range is 0 to 60 yards. Some splash damage to the cavern and the volcano's interior may occur. Use at your own risk! 60 yd range. 1 sec cast.
Burgeoning Battlefield Furor New  Combine 0 Coalescing Blood of the Vanquished to create either Blood of the Enemy, Sphere of Suppression, or Artifice of Time. The item created is based on your Loot Specialization. 1.5 sec cast. 1 sec cooldown. Reagents: Burgeoning Battlefield Furor x 15.
Coalescing Blood of the Vanquished New  Combine 0 Coalescing Blood of the Vanquished to create either Blood of the Enemy, Sphere of Suppression, or Artifice of Time. The item created is based on your Loot Specialization. 1.5 sec cast. 1 sec cooldown. Reagents: Coalescing Blood of the Vanquished x 200.
Conductive Ink  Name changed from "Cloudburst Missiles" to "Conductive Ink". 100 yd range. Instant. Your damaging abilities against enemies above 30% health have a very high chance to apply Conductive Ink. When an enemy falls below 30% health, Conductive Ink inflicts 0 Nature damage per stack. 100 yd range. Approximately 8 procs per minute.
Damage to Aberrations New  You do increased damage to Aberrations in Nazjatar and the Eternal Palace.
Drain Energy  Drain power from a the target defeated malfunctioning robot into the energy cells of the NRG-100. 20 yd range. 3 sec cast Channeled.
Elemental Instincts New  You are more likely to find strange resources related to Mardivas.
Emerald Empowerment  Instant. Empowered while holding Emerald Shards. Increases damage done by 5% and healing for 1% of total health every 5 sec. This effect stacks. Can wake sleeping green dragons. Instant.
Emergency Rocket Chicken  Name changed from "Emergency Mechanical Chicken" to "Emergency Rocket Chicken".
Empower Item  Empower an Azsharan Empower a Benthic item from Nazjatar, making it Pearled and increasing its item level to 400. Instant.
Fishy Fiends New  You have a chance to loot a random fish from creatures in Nazjatar and The Eternal Palace.
Flag Azeroth Mini: Blastatron New  Add Bondo Bigblock to you Azeroth Mini collection. 100 yd range. Instant.
Flag Azeroth Mini: Bondo Bigblock New  Add Bondo Bigblock to you Azeroth Mini collection. 100 yd range. Instant.
Flag Azeroth Mini: Cogstar New  Add Cogstar to you Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. Instant.
Flag Azeroth Mini: Cork Stuttguard New  Add Roadtrogg to you Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. Instant.
Flag Azeroth Mini: Erazmin New  Add Prince Erazmin to you Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. Instant.
Flag Azeroth Mini: Gazlowe New  Add Gazlowe to you Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. Instant.
Flag Azeroth Mini: HK-8 New  Add HK-8 to you Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. Instant.
Flag Azeroth Mini: Izera Gearsworn New  Add Izera Gearsworn to you Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. Instant.
Flag Azeroth Mini: King Mechagon New  Add King Mechagon to you Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. Instant.
Flag Azeroth Mini: Naeno Megacrash New  Add Naeno Megacrash to you Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. Instant.
Flag Azeroth Mini: Overspark New  Add Izera Gearsworn to you Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. Instant.
Flag Azeroth Mini: Roadtrogg New  Add Roadtrogg to you Azeroth Mini collection. Unlimited range. Instant.
Focusing Life Anima New  Combine 0 Focused Life Anima to create either Essence of the Focusing Iris, Anima of Life and Death or Lifebinder's Invocation. The item created is based on your Loot Specialization. 1.5 sec cast. 1 sec cooldown. Reagents: Focused Life Anima x 15.
Frost Resistance New  Frost damage taken is reduced by 2% while in Nazjatar and the Eternal Palace. 
Heart of a Champion New  Hold the Heart of Azeroth in your hand. 1.5 sec cast. 15 min cooldown.
Intra-Ocean Navigation New  Your swim speed is increased in Nazjatar and The Eternal Palace.
Kill Credit: Scrying Stone used New  Allows the detection of otherwise unseen treasures buried beneath the wet sands of Nazjatar. Instant.
Latent Arcana  Name changed from "Cloudburst Missiles" to "Latent Arcana". Consume latent magic for 5 sec, increasing your Agility by 1,176 and Speed by 124. These effects are extended for each second spent channeling, up to 30 sec. 5 sec cast Channeled. 2 min cooldown.
Manual of Heroic Leap  Name changed from "Manual of Spell Reflection" to "Manual of Heroic Leap". Your Spell Reflection ability now reflects all spells cast on you for 5 sec Your Heroic Leap now has 2 additional charges. Lasts for 60 min. Only usable while in Ashran. 5 sec cast.
Mindleech Tether  Name changed from "Unstable Mixture" to "Mindleech Tether". Mixing Frost Mark and Toxic Brand catalyzes an Unstable Mixture, dealing Nature damage to all nearby enemies. 100 yd range. Instant. Split 50% of incoming damage with an ally within 0 to 15 yards for 25 sec, up to 0 damage. If your target moves out of range or falls below 25% health, the effect ends. 15 yd range. Instant. 2 min cooldown.
Mirror of Entwined Fate  Restore 4,197 Restore 0 health to the target, but inflict a curse on yourself that absorbs the next 0 healing you receive. 50 yd range. Instant. 2 min cooldown.
Perfection Enhancing Gearbox New  Combine 6 Progression Sprockets to create the Perfection Enhancing Gearbox. 1.5 sec cast. 1 sec cooldown. Reagents: Progression Sprocket x 6.
Quasi-Faceted Scanner New  Scan target with informational gathering quasi-faceted scan. 40 yd range. 3 sec cast Channeled. 4 sec cooldown.
Remote Guidance Device New  Override the steering of a nearby Mono-wheel, crashing it into your target for 0 Physical damage. When it crashes, it explodes for 0 Fire damage to all nearby enemies. 40 yd range. Instant. 2 min cooldown. 20 sec global cooldown.
Remote Guidance Device New  
Resurrect Health New  Increases health gained when resurrected by 30% while in Nazjatar and the Eternal Palace.
Salvaged Mekacycle Shielding New  Blocking attacks has a chance to trigger an Overload, absorbing the next 0 damage you take and dealing 0 Nature damage to attackers while the shield persists. Approximately 2 procs per minute.
Scroll of Replenishment  Regenerates 30% Regenerates 40% mana over 8 sec for yourself and all allies within 25 yards. Can only be used within Ashran. Instant. 5 min cooldown.
Scroll of Touch of Fatality  Name changed from "Scroll of Touch of Death" to "Scroll of Touch of Fatality".
Sea Floor Acrobatics New  Your falling damage is reduced in Nazjatar and The Eternal Palace.
Seabed Runner New  Your Speed is increased by 47 while in Nazjatar and the Eternal Palace.
Shadow Resistance New  Shadow damage taken is reduced by 2% while in Nazjatar and the Eternal Palace. 
Sigil of Death Grip  Name changed from "Sigil of Dark Simulacrum" to "Sigil of Death Grip". When using your Dark Simulacrum ability, you can now cast the stolen spell unlimited amount of times for the duration. The duration of Dark Simulacrum is also increased by 30 sec Your Death Grip has an additional 1 cooldown charge. Can only be used while in Ashran. 5 sec cast.
Star Root Tuber  Restores 10 Restores 32 health and reduces damage taken by 40% for 10 sec. Can only be used in Ashran. Instant.
Surging Flood New  
Surging Flood New  Unleash waves that damage enemies in its path, dealing 0 Frost damage over 6 sec. 40 yd range. Instant.
Swimmer's Legs New  You are 5% larger while in Nazjatar and The Eternal Palace.
Time Displacement  Unlimited range. Instant. Travel to an alternate future for Mechagon. Unlimited range. Instant.
Tossing  Toss a clump of Chitterspine Roe. 20 yd range. Instant. 25 yd range. Instant.
Trader's Stock New  You have access to Murloc traders' special stocks.
Unlock Shackles  Unlocks the shackles of a chained Makrura Slave. Melee range. 1 sec cast. Reagents: Nazjatar Shackle Key.
Zem'lan's Lost Treasure Map New  Layout the mission on your mission table to find Zem'lan's Lost Treasure. Instant.


Professions
Enchanting

Force Multiplier  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Strength or Agility by 500 for 15 sec. While active, your offensive spells and abilities sometimes increase your Mastery, Haste, or Critical Strike by 100, stacking up to 5 times. Your highest stat is always chosen. Reduced materials Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 5, Gloom Dust x 22, Veiled Crystal x 3.
Force Multiplier  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Strength or Agility by 500 for 15 sec. While active, your offensive spells and abilities sometimes increase your Mastery, Haste, or Critical Strike by 100, stacking up to 5 times. Your highest stat is always chosen. Greatly reduced materials Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 4, Gloom Dust x 20, Veiled Crystal x 2.
Machinist's Brilliance  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Intellect by 500 for 15 sec. While active, your offensive spells and abilities sometimes increase your Mastery, Haste, or Critical Strike by 100, stacking up to 5 times. Your highest stat is always chosen. Reduced materials. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 5, Gloom Dust x 22, Veiled Crystal x 3.
Machinist's Brilliance  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Intellect by 500 for 15 sec. While active, your offensive spells and abilities sometimes increase your Mastery, Haste, or Critical Strike by 100, stacking up to 5 times. Your highest stat is always chosen. Greatly reduced materials. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 4, Gloom Dust x 20, Veiled Crystal x 2.
Naga Hide  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Strength or Agility by 500 for 15 sec. Additionally, while active, your skin is covered in thick scales, allowing you to absorb 15,000 damage. Greatly reduced materials Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 4, Gloom Dust x 20, Veiled Crystal x 2.
Naga Hide  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Strength or Agility by 500 for 15 sec. Additionally, while active, your skin is covered in thick scales, allowing you to absorb 15,000 damage. Reduced materials Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 5, Gloom Dust x 22, Veiled Crystal x 3.
Oceanic Restoration  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Intellect by 500 for 15 sec. While active, you restore 500 mana per second. Reduced materials Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 5, Gloom Dust x 22, Veiled Crystal x 3.
Oceanic Restoration  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Intellect by 500 for 15 sec seconds. While active, you restore 0 mana per second While active, you restore 500 mana per second. Greatly reduced materials. Requires One-Handed Axes, Two-Handed Axes, Bows, Guns, One-Handed Maces, Two-Handed Maces, Polearms, One-Handed Swords, Two-Handed Swords, Staves, Bear Claws, CatClaws, Fist Weapons, Daggers, Spears, Crossbows, Wands. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 4, Gloom Dust x 20, Veiled Crystal x 2.


Inscription

Highborne Compendium of Mystical Bulwark New  Craft a Highborne Compendium of Mystical Bulwark. Inscription. Inscription. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Light Parchment, Maroon Ink, Ultramarine Ink, Expulsom.
Highborne Compendium of Storms New  Craft a Highborne Compendium of Storms. Inscription. Inscription. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Light Parchment, Maroon Ink, Ultramarine Ink, Expulsom.
Highborne Compendium of Sundering New  Craft a Highborne Compendium of Sundering. Inscription. Inscription. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Light Parchment, Maroon Ink, Ultramarine Ink, Expulsom.
Highborne Compendium of Swirling Tides New  Craft a Highborne Compendium of Swirling Tides. Inscription. Inscription. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Light Parchment, Maroon Ink, Ultramarine Ink, Expulsom.


Raid & Dungeon Abilities

Arcane Bomb  Causes Attaches a massive Arcane Bomb to fall onto a target player's location a player. When dispelled, the bomb no longer tracks the target, but continues to fall. Upon reaching the ground count down to detonation. Upon detonation, Arcane Bomb inflicts 55 Arcane damage and stuns for 6 sec all players within 10 yds. Melee range. 12 sec cast. 10 sec cast.
Arcing Azerite  Lady Ashvane creates up to 3 pairs of azerite infused players that unleash a blast after 8 sec. The blast inflicts 60 70 Arcane damage to all players in a line between the two marked targets. Additionally, all Coral Growths in the path are destroyed. 150 yd range. Instant.
Blowback  Instant. The target receives backlash from their actions, inflicting 15 Arcane damage. Instant.
Crushing Depths  Lady Ashvane unleashes a blast of water at her target's location, encasing all players within 12 yards within a Briny Bubble, incapacitating them until the bubble is destroyed. While encased, the bubble inflicts 12 15 Nature damage every 1.5 sec. Unlimited range. Instant.
Crushing Grasp  Za'qul unleashes a torrent of tentacles that cascades across the space in a line, inflicting 200 Shadow damage to players struck and knocking them back. 10 sec cast. 4 sec cast.
Desperate Measures  Name changed from "Desparate Measures" to "Desperate Measures". Upon reaching 1% health, the caster becomes immune to all damage and begins casting Desparate Desperate Measures, healing 100% of the caster's maximum life. The cast is interrupted if both Pashmar and Silivaz are defeated. 10 sec cast.
Dread  Name changed from "Dementia" to "Dread".
Dread New  Unleashes a psychic blast that induces fear and inflicts 5 Shadow damage every 1 sec to random enemies. Limited to 2 targets. Unlimited range. 2.5 sec cast.
Dread  Name changed from "Dementia" to "Dread".
Frenetic Charge  Silivaz targets a random player. After 4 sec seconds, he charges to the player, inflicting 350 Physical damage, split between all players within 8 yards of the target. Frenetic Charge leaves a Mighty Rupture at the destination. 75 yd range. Instant.
Frost Mark  Marks the player with a frigid brand, inflicting 0 Frost damage every 1 3 Frost damage every 5 sec. 500 yd range. Instant.
Frost Mark New  Marks the player with a frigid brand, inflicting 3 Frost damage every 5 sec. Instant.
Frozen Ground  Frozen ground chills all players standing in it, inflicting 2 Frost damage and applying stacks of $@spell294,711. Instant. Frost Mark. Instant.
Incubation Fluid  Orgozoa soaks several random players, inflicting 10 8 Nature damage every second for 0 sec. 200 yd range. Instant.
Manic Dread  Name changed from "Manic Dementia" to "Manic Dread". Unleashes a psychic blast that induces fear and inflicts 5 Shadow damage every 1 sec on enemies in all realms. Upon expiration, inflicts 55 Shadow damage to everyone and an additional 90 Shadow damage to enemies within 5 yards of impact. Afterwards, leaves a pool of Caustic Delirium at the destination. Limited to 2 3 targets. Unlimited range. 3 sec cast.
Manic Dread New  Unleashes a psychic blast that induces fear and inflicts 5 Shadow damage every 1 sec on enemies in all realms. Upon expiration, leaves a pool of Caustic Delirium at the destination. Limited to 2 targets. Unlimited range. 3 sec cast.
Manic Dread  Name changed from "Manic Dementia" to "Manic Dread".
Manic Dread  Name changed from "Manic Dementia" to "Manic Dread".
Not in Formation  500 yd range. Instant. The player is punished for not forming ranks with their comrades, inflicting 15 Nature damage. 500 yd range. Instant.
Potent Spark  The final word is enacted The Potent Spark erupts, inflicting 63 Nature damage to all enemies and increases damage taken from Potent Spark by 100% for 5 sec. Instant.
Psychotic Split  Za'qul places a shield on himself that absorbs 5% of his max health and begins gathering dark energy. Upon completion, the energy is released inflicting 90 Shadow damage to enemies in all realms. Depleting the absorb shield triggers a Mind Fracture. 18 sec cast. 25 sec cast.
Septic Ground  Septic ground envenoms all players standing in it, inflicting 2 Nature damage and applying stacks of $@spell294,715. Instant. Toxic Brand. Instant.
Thunderblast  Erupts with the power of the Thunder King, knocking back and inflicting 20 Nature damage to enemies within 5 yards. This eruption also heals and sends the caster airborne. 100 yd range. Instant. Only usable on Island Expeditions. 100 yd range. Instant.
Toxic Brand New  Marks the player with a frigid brand, inflicting 3 Frost damage every 5 sec. Instant.
Toxic Brand  Marks the player with a poisonous brand, inflicting 3 Nature damage every 3 5 sec. 500 yd range. Instant.
Unshackled Power New  Inflicts 50 Arcane damage to all players. 3 sec cast.
Zealous Eruption  Pashmar opens up a tumultuous storm around her, inflicting 15 Nature damage to all players and move their balance towards Magic by 5 Silivaz causes a series of tremors, inflicting 30 Physical damage to all players every 1 sec for 10 sec. Players at the eye of the storm near Pashmar take no damage. Instant. epicenter near Silivaz take no damage. Instant.




Strings Changes

CLUB_FINDER_ACCEPT_GUILD_ALREADY_IN_GUILD_WARNING New - By joining this guild, you will leave your current guild.
CLUB_FINDER_ACCEPT_GUILD_STANDARD_WARNING New - You may only join one guild. By joining this guild, your other guild invites will be removed.
CLUB_FINDER_RECRUITMENT_DESCRIPTION - Describe your guild and what kind of player you're looking for.
COMMUNITY_COMMAND_SYNTAX - /community [join|create [character|battlenet]] [wow|battlenet]]
GUILD_NEWS_DUNGEON_ENCOUNTER_HEROIC New - |cffd10000 [Heroic: %s]|r
GUILD_NEWS_DUNGEON_ENCOUNTER_MYTHIC New - |cffd10000 [Mythic: %s]|r
GUILD_NEWS_DUNGEON_ENCOUNTER_NORMAL New - |cffd10000 [%s]|r
SPELL_FAILED_CUSTOM_ERROR_410 New - You already have the essence this makes for your current loot specialization.
SPELL_FAILED_CUSTOM_ERROR_411 New - You cannot summon another pet while riding Hati.