Stoy2018-08-28, 04:16 PMNew Content Next Week - September 4th
Keep in mind that the following will go live next week:


Normal and Heroic Uldir Raid
Battle for Azeroth PvP Season 1
Battle for Azeroth Mythic Plus Dungeons Season 1
World Bosses
Warfronts will likely launch as well, though it hasn't been directly stated as September 4th yet.



Artifact Knowledge Now In Effect
Artifact Knowledge is now live! Much like in Legion, the amount of artifact power needed for your Heart of Azeroth https://www.wowdb.com/items/158075-heart-of-azeroth will begin to decrease week by week. 


When you log on today, you'll notice that both your current amount of azerite power and the total needed for the next rank has been reduced. 
This keeps the percentage that you were at towards your next rank the same while lowering the ceiling for that rank up. 
It equals out to be the same reduction as Legion, however, the numbers get smaller instead of larger so that they don't become ridiculous.



Island Expedition Maps for Week of 8/23
Island Expedition maps for this week are Molten Cay, Skittering Ruins, and Un'gol Hollow.


https://media.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2018/august/thumb/islands828.jpg https://media.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2018/august/islands828.jpg 



Auction House Deposit Changes Now Live
Blizzard has implemented the changes to address single stack materials on the auction house. This is to try and reduce the lag that has been occurring while they work on improvements on the engineering side.
To address some issues related to the Auction House, we’re reconsidering how deposits—the refundable fees you pay to list your auctions—are calculated. This fee is based on the item’s vendor price, and for profession materials in particular, vendors offer very low prices, so these mats have a low deposit cost. Deposits are substantial on items such as BoE uncommon gear, gems, and so forth, but not trade skill materials trade goods such as cloth, ore, leather, etc..

One thing we’ve identified as particularly troublesome is a large volume of trade skill materials being auctioned off in stacks of 1. Some addons make posting quantities of this size trivial to do, resulting in dozens, if not hundreds, of pages of auctions for a single item. As we looked at ways to change this behavior and improve the overall Auction House experience, we found that we prefer to avoid inflexible solutions such as caps on the number of listings a player can make, or increased minimum stack counts, which might interfere with many players' common gameplay habits.

Our current plan is to increase the deposit cost of some profession materials on a per-stack basis, which should provide incentive for players to post items in larger stacks.

Here's an example:


Let’s say that a player is trying to sell 200 Tidespray Linen for 10g gold each. Today, each item has the normal deposit cost of 1c copper, with a 1s silver minimum deposit, so 1 auction of 200 linen requires a deposit of 1s, and 200 auctions of 1 linen each adds up to a total deposit of 2g.
Now imagine an additional 20% deposit added to the listing fee per auction. With an asking price of 10g each, that raises the deposit by 2g per stack. In the case of 1 stack of 200 linen, the total buyout price is 2000g, and the new deposit is 2g1s. In the case of 200 individual stacks, the new deposit of an additional 2g per stack brings the total deposit up to 402g.


In either case, the deposit is returned to the seller if the item sells. Successful auctions aren’t affected by this change.

Our goal is to give players some forewarning on this change, and to gather feedback. We’re putting together a list of the items that would be affected by this deposit change, which we expect to be limited to high-quantity trade goods. Furthermore, we’re deploying the change to the PTR first, so that addon authors can work through the change while we test it thoroughly.

This change will likely be a temporary measure, as we’re also working to broadly improve the default Auction House in the future. It’s clear to us that many players use addons because they find the default Auction House interface inadequate. A temporary change to deposit fees will help with this in the short term, and we’ll continue to work on overall improvements to the Auction House for a future patch.


Call to Arms: Nazmir
This week's Call to Arms is Call to Arms: Nazmir https://www.wowdb.com/quests/52954-call-to-arms-nazmir or Call to Arms: Nazmir https://www.wowdb.com/quests/52949-call-to-arms-nazmir. Head to Nazmir with warmode enabled to kill 10 players of the opposing faction. You no longer have to loot an air supply! This will reward you with 250 honor and 75 reputation for either 7th Legion https://www.wowdb.com/factions/2159-7th-legion or The Honorbound https://www.wowdb.com/factions/2157-the-honorbound.