Stoy2018-08-21, 05:31 PMWorld Boss Quest Bug
The world quest A Chilling Encounter  spawned today but this is a bug. The boss is not actually spawning. World bosses will still not be available until September 4th.

Hey guys! Just confirming that yes this is a bug and we're working on fixing it so it should no longer incorrectly be displaying just yet.

Sorry for all of the confusion this morning!


Island Expeditions for Week of August 21
The islands expeditions for the week are Verdant Wilds, Whispering Reef and Rotting Mire!


  



Call to Arms: Stormsong Valley
This week's Call to Arms is Call to Arms: Stormsong Valley  or Call to Arms: Stormsong Valley  Head to Stormsong Valley with warmode enabled to kill 10 players of the opposing faction and loot an air supply. This will reward you with 250 honor and 75 reputation for either 7th Legion  or The Honorbound 


No Artifact Knowledge Yet
Much like in Legion, the amount of artifact power needed for your Heart of Azeroth  will begin to decrease week by week. This has not started yet, however, and can be expected soon in the future.


PvP Brawl - Gravity Lapse
Defy the law of gravity in this week’s PvP Brawl: Gravity Lapse! 

Every other week, a new PvP Brawl will be available to players looking for something just a little different. Each Brawl will offer a variety of modes, rules, and scenic changes to the usual Battleground gameplay, and you’ll find them in the Group Finder tool hotkey “I” in the Player vs. Player tab. Just like Random Battlegrounds, you’ll receive a reward for achieving victory. Here are just a few of the Brawls you can look forward to:

Gravity Lapse


  

Gravity getting you down? Step into the Eye of the Storm and be prepared for a whole new en-lighten-ing experience. Every minute, players on the battlefield will find themselves launched into the air, only to gently fall toward the ground again in a perpetual aerial ballet as they try to accrue enough resources to take the win home for their team.


Blue Posts
Honorbound Pigsticker weap dmg?
This weapon some specs get from todays Emissary on EU Horde is bugged or something. The weapon damage and dps is like half that of a normal 340. 
340 Blightreaper 162.5 dps
345 Honorbound Pigsticker 82.1 dps
Both agility.
I can confirm that it is something that is under investigation at the moment. Blue Tracker [/b] ] Official Forums 

Auction House Lag
We are aware that some realms are seeing issues with slowness when using the Auction House and are currently investigating making some changes to help alleviate these issues. We’ll update as soon as we have more information to share. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 