chaud2019-04-23, 03:57 AMPatch 8.1.5 Hotfixes - Week of April 23
The changes below will be going live this week.

Classes
DoT specs are often in the "normal" damage range for single-target fights and can be significantly above "normal" for multi-target fights. Please note that the goal here isn’t to just counter-tune specs in each bit of new content as we believe specs that work well in an encounter should continue to do so.

Regarding this specific Shadow Priest change, their multi-target performance was beyond our tuning targets and so we simply want to bring them back into range while minimizing the impact to their single-target performance.

 Priest Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Shadow
Auspicious Spirits damage reduced to 70% was 100%.


Developers’ notes: The damage reduction to this talent is meant to curb the synergy of Insanity and Shadowy Apparition generation when combined with some Azerite traits, while still leaving it as a fun and interesting combo.

Player versus Player

Abyssal Speaker's Gauntlets  shield absorption effect is reduced by 66% when engaged in combat with enemy players.
Trident of Deep Ocean  shield absorption effect is reduced by 50% when engaged in combat with enemy players.



Upcoming Patch 8.2 PTR Class Changes
We have a few more class changes coming to the Rise of Azshara PTR. We made the initial changes and the following will be active on the PTR soon.

 Demon Hunter Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Vengeance

Metamorphosis

Health bonus 50% from 30%
Now causes Shear to generate 20 additional Pain and 1 additional Lesser Soul Fragment was: generates 7 Pain per second.

Developers’ Note: This significantly increases the self-healing potential of Metamorphosis, as well as the health buffer, making it a more reliable major cooldown against all types of damage.




 Druid Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Guardian

Frenzied Regeneration Rank 3 is learned at level 85:

Frenzied Regeneration spends up to 30 additional Rage to immediately heal you for up to 18% additional health.

Note: This spell is affected by Guardian of Elune, but not affected by mastery.




 Death Knight Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Frost

Runic Empowerment has a 2.0% chance to proc per Runic Power spent from 1.5%
Frost Fever’s chance to generate Runic Power increased to 30%

Chance now diminishes on targets beyond the first

Breath of Sindragosa now has double the usual chance to proc Runic Empowerment
Breath of Sindragosa costs 18 Runic Power/sec from 15

Developers’ Note: Frost was starved of resources too often, especially when using Breath of Sindragosa. This increases Frosts’s Rune income baseline and includes a further change that returns many extra Runes while using Breath of Sindragosa. Breath builds will now be able to fill more global cooldowns with casts of Obliterate, to make up for the lost Frost Strikes. The cost of Breath itself is increased to keep its overall duration roughly unchanged.