chaud2018-08-28, 06:12 PMThe World of Warcraft Diary Kickstarter Now Live
John Staats , the game's first 3D level designer is writing a 95,000 word book about World of Warcraft's early days and development. He starts at WoW's humble beginnings, and gives a fly-on-the-wall access to the dev team’s conversations, debates, failed experiments, and internal pressures. Licensed by Blizzard Entertainment, it contains over 130 behind-the-scenes images many of which have never been seen before. Every image is captioned and dated within the project's timeline. 

When John left the WoW team, he had logged more bug-fixes than anyone else in the company! In addition to fixing bugs, he designed and built 90 percent of the game's non-instanced caves, crypts, dens, mines, and hive tunnels, including lots of the Vanilla dungeons. 

He was nice enough to send along a brief sample, which you can view in PDF form here 


<div class="gallery" id="gallery-WDKICK">        </div>

Some quotes from the book:


“Until YouTube began streaming videos a year later, WoW servers handled over 10 percent of global Internet bandwidth in downloads, and its players contributed to roughly half of active global Internet traffic at any given time. The sun never sets on the Warcraft empire.” 

“Since the point of a database was to always know where game’s data was located, it was no small irony when WoW’s entire database was lost. While the database system was working and on the network, somewhere in the building, the hardware itself had been forgotten and no one could locate the machine when an upgrade became necessary.” 

“During the tornado….A facility technician heroically shuts down a ‘450 volt power inverter’ triple the voltage of a hair dryer while standing in a room-wide, quarter-inch deep puddle. The Blizzard techs were in awe of his daring, as water dribbled, from a beam above, onto the very units he was powering down.” 

“Blizzard’s rarely used PA system sounded, ‘Attention: The WoW beta is live. I repeat: The WoW beta is live. The first transport is away!’ The dev team was unprepared for the announcement, since we’d been waiting days for AT&T to fix their stupid facility issues, so it was met with almost no reaction. We were more impressed that we had a PA system. A few people looked out of their office doors so see if any team gatherings were happening, but nothing ensued, so everyone went back to work. A few of us even laughed at how little enthusiasm the team showed.” 



 