Stoy2018-08-31, 01:08 PMPatch 8.0.1 Hotfixes - August 30
Azerite Powers

Fixed an issue causing Indomitable Justice Paladin to deal less damage than intended under some circumstances.


Classes

 Demon Hunter Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Fixed an issue where Demon Hunters would sometimes prematurely fall to their deaths while Gliding away from Dazar’alor.


 Druid Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Feral

Base energy regeneration increased by 10%.
Berserk duration increased to 20 seconds was 15 seconds.
Brutal Slash energy cost reduced to 25 was 30.
Feral increase to Haste secondary stat value has been reduced to 25% was 50%.
Rip damage increased by 15%.
Swipe energy cost reduced to 35 was 40.
Thrash energy cost reduced to 40 was 45. Thrash damage reduced by 11%.




Creatures and NPCs

Treasure Hunters around Deadwash will no longer inadvertently flag Horde players for PvP.


Dungeons and Raids

Freehold

There is now an NPC that appears at the end of Freehold that will port a player out of the dungeon.

Tol Dagor

Overseer Korgus’s Heartstopper Venom now accrues 25% slower, and fully depletes over 2 seconds when the target is stunned by it.

Ulduar

Algalon the Observer’s damage dealing abilities now do less damage.



Items

Merektha's Fang now applies Noxious Venom to targets every 1 second was every 0.5 seconds.
Reinforced Hide and Folded Steel Plating now properly reduce damage taken.
Wormhole Generator: Argus will now be interrupted by taking damage.


Missions

The Amber Rallying Horn now correctly increases the success change of Missions by 10% for each accompanying troop.


Professions

Alchemy

Crafting Endless Tincture of Fractional Power and Surging Alchemist Stone will now provide an extra item when intended.

Enchanting

Coastal Surge, Siphoning, Torrent of Elements, and Gale-Force Striking weapon enchants should now properly scale down in reagent costs as recipe ranks increase.

Engineering 

The Interdimensional Companion Repository should now stack up to 20.

Inscription

Contracts now correctly have a 7-day duration.



World Quests

Profession World Quests should no longer appear on the map for characters who do not know that Profession.
Tidesage Ritualists have been sagely taught their tidal ritual, and should no longer evade during "Tidal Teachings".
“Beachhead” no longer causes nearby Protection Paladins to lose Last Defender.



Trial of Style August 31–September 4: The Stage Is Yours
Ladies and gentlemen of the Horde and Alliance, synchronize your wardrobes and prepare to do battle. The Trial of Style has arrived, and it’s time to put your transmogrification skills to the test.

You’re Invited!
When: August 31–September 4
Where: Queue for the 6-player scenario at your friendly neighborhood transmog NPC.
What: Contestants will have two minutes to create transmog sets from items in their collection based on themes presented in the scenario. Two players at a time will be pulled up on stage to strike a pose and show off their creation—leaving the remaining four to vote on just who of the two has managed to capture the theme best.

Collect All the Looks
Collect all 8 Ensembles to keep adventuring in style.


Ensemble: Mana-Etched Regalia 
Ensemble: Obsidian Prowler's Garb 
Ensemble: Der'izu Armor 
Ensemble: Righteous Battleplate 
Ensemble: Mindwrack Raiment 
Ensemble: Tundraspite Armor 
Ensemble: Crimson Sentinel Garb 
Ensemble: Goldspine Plate 


You can also use your Trial of Style Tokens on props to supplement your chosen Trial of Style ensemble. These props are consumable and will only appear when you’re on stage, but will last through the entirety of the competition.

Vendor extraordinaire Nellie Voguesong sells shirts and tabards in the Trial of Style, just in case you forgot to bring one with you.

New Item!
Need a little extra support while you’re on stage? Don’t worry—we’ve got you covered. You’ll be able to purchase the new reward Letter from an Admirer , which you can use to recruit a fashion aficianado to cheer you on during the competition.


 

No peeking! It comes as no shock that you’ll be properly smocked before the competition begins.


  


Strike a pose and do your little turn on the catwalk; yeah, on the catwalk.

Once the glitter settles and the votes are tallied, First Place, Second Place, and Third Place winners will be awarded. Don’t worry—even if you don’t win, there’s always the Trial of Style Consolation Prize. These prizes contain Trial of Style Tokens, which can be redeemed for special transmog gear in Dalaran.

Fashion-conscious citizens of Azeroth can also take advantage of transmogrification and barbershop services for free during the Trial of Style. Even if you don’t participate, you can adjust your hairstyle and transmog for no gold cost while the event is active.

Are you ready to dress to impress?