Osiris2019-05-02, 08:32 PMActivision Blizzard Earnings Call
The quarterly Activision Blizzard earnings call was today:


Blizzard had 32M MAUs in the quarter, down from 35M last quarter  
Activision Blizzard plans to increase investment in their biggest internal franchises.
They will continue investing in platform expansion on PC and mobile and new geographies.
Activision Blizzard continues to enhance their leadership position in esports. 
The Overwatch League viewership continues to grow, watch hours for the second season to date are over 30% higher than in the first season.
Hearthstone has a new single player PvE experience launching this month, with more content than any other Hearthstone PvE experience.
City-based Call of Duty league franchises are in demand.
First five Call of Duty teams were sold to owners in Atlanta, Dallas, New York, Paris and Toronto.
Activision Blizzard delivered approximately $800 million of in-game net bookings in the first quarter.



<div class="gallery" id="gallery-earningsCallNew">        
    </div>

WoW Classic Character Limit
How many characters can we create in Classic?

In WoW Classic, you’ll have the following character limits per WoW account:

A maximum of 10 characters per WoW Classic realm
A maximum of 50 characters across all of the WoW Classic realms in your region
Only one faction per realm on PvP realms
No overlap or regard with the character limits in Battle for Azeroth


You’ll be able to have up to 50 Battle for Azeroth characters and up to 50 WoW Classic characters at the same time.



Soul Cleave Thoughts
We’re testing an increase to Soul Cleave damage in the Rise of Azshara PTR, and we haven’t yet fully written developers’ notes on it. I want to give a little context for it, since this is an issue that relates to many class changes.

A common reaction to buffing a certain spell or talent is “you’re buffing something we don’t use much.” That is, when if we buff a talent that’s not the “best” or buff an ability that’s currently a small part of the rotation, it’s not a large increase to total damage. Sometimes the goal of a buff is to increase the total DPS of a spec, and sometimes it’s to better internally balance something about the rotation or talents. In the former case, we usually buff a slate of prominent spells. In the latter, by definition, we’re buffing something that’s not being used heavily or is being eclipsed by other spells.

Currently, Spirit Bomb is very popular and causes a rotation where you want to consume nearly every Fragment with Spirit Bomb rather than in any other way. This pushes Soul Cleave pretty far down in value. This is an issue with Spirit Bomb as a talent, but our intent isn’t to upend this commonly-used playstyle right now. A buff to Soul Cleave makes the button compete a little better in between Spirit Bombs, even at the cost of consuming some Fragments that otherwise would have gone into Spirit Bomb. It’s also a side benefit that this is a straightforward buff for people playing talents other than Spirit Bomb.