chaud2019-02-09, 04:00 AMPotential Activision Blizzard Layoffs Next Week
Bloomberg is reporting  that Activision is planning to cut hundreds of jobs next week.


Activision Blizzard Inc. plans to announce job cuts Tuesday in the face of slowing sales, according to people familiar with the matter, bringing fresh upheaval after spotty results roiled stocks this week. The shares dropped as much as 2.5 percent to $42.88 on Friday.

The layoffs, which could number in the hundreds, are part of a restructuring aimed at centralizing functions and boosting profit, said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the changes haven’t been announced. Activision employed 9,800 people at the end of 2017.

The game maker, one of the largest in the world, acknowledged on a November conference call that some key titles, such as Overwatch and Hearthstone, were seeing flat or declining numbers of users. After disappointing sales of Destiny 2: Forsaken, the company parted ways with its developer, Bungie Inc., a move that could reduce annual revenue by as much as $400 million.


Patch 8.1 Hotfixes - February 8, 2019
Classes

 Death Knight Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Scourge Strike will correctly damage Totems or Explosive Orbs that are the main target.



Dungeons and Raids

Battle of Dazar’alor

Jadefire Masters

Marksmanship Hunters’ Trick Shots now correctly deal damages to Force.

Stormwall Blockade

Fixed a bug preventing Sister Katherine and Brother Joseph from correctly using Translocate if they were channeling Tidal or Storm's Empowerment.
Fixed a bug preventing some Voltaic Flash patterns from hitting players on the docks on Mythic difficulty.




Events

The most-rare item containers from holiday bosses, such as Big Love Rocket , now drop for player characters at level 110 or higher was level 98.


Items

Heart of Azeroth

 Mage Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Arcane

Arcane Charges gained from Brain Storm  can correctly trigger Rule of Threes 







Blue Posts
Love is in the Air Rewards – Level Requirement
The annual holiday, Love is in the Air, begins on February 12 and ends part way through the day on February 26. For this, we are applying a hotfix that makes it so only characters who are level 110 or higher will be eligible daily to receive the box that contains the most-rare items from this event’s bosses for the last two years it’s been set to level 98. You will also see this reflected in the next official Hotfixes update post.

As a result of this, if you are hunting the Big Love Rocket you will want to get characters to at least level 110 for the event.

Good luck collection hunters!

is it still stupidly rare? You seem to be actively encouraging people to farm it on as many characters as possible which doesn’t strike me as a healthy gameplay habit to be encouraging.
The drop rate hasn’t changed. We are aware of how some people push to farm it and wanted to avoid anybody feeling like there was a stealth change while we keep the availability focused on more active play. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

Holiday Rewards – Level 110 Requirement
Got some info back on this one, the Big Love Rocket mount will now only drop from the Heart-Shaped Box that players level 110 or higher receive from defeating The Crown Chemical Co.

This will also be the case for Coren Direbrew and the Headless Horseman later this year. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 