Stoy2019-07-24, 01:16 AMPatch 8.2 Hotfixes - July 23rd, 2019
Achievements

Added some additional underwater wildlife for the Blackwater Behemoth achievement Intro to Marine Biology 


Dungeons and Raids

Azshara’s Eternal Palace

Za’qul, Harbinger of Ny’alotha

Players who enter the Delirium Realm are now immune to the effects of Crushing Grasp  for a few seconds.
Fixed an issue that caused Arcane Intellect and Power Word: Fortitude buffs to be removed from players entering the Delirium Realm.

Queen Azshara

Players who are targeted by Charged Spear  should no longer be valid targets of Static Shock 
Players with Static Shock  should no longer be valid targets of Charged Spear 


Battle of Dazar’alor

Stormwall Blockade

Fixed a bug that sometimes caused Rogues who used Shadowstep  on Laminaria to be ported behind the boss and into the Roiling Tides.


Operation: Mechagon

K.U.-J.0.

Increased the time between Air Drop  and Venting Flames  by 5 seconds.
Decreased the cooldown of Air Drop  by 2 seconds.
Increased the size of the safe zones behind the Junk Cubes that prevent players from taking damage from Venting Flames 




Items

The Cursed Lover's Ring  damaging debuff no longer interrupts its wearer from consuming food or drink items. 
Fixed a bug that sometimes caused Remote Guidance Device 's on-use effect to trigger twice.
Fixed a bug that sometimes Gloves of Incomparable Beauty 's proc effect to break its wearer out of stealth.
Heart of Azeroth

Fixed a bug that caused some damage and healing effects to go uncounted by this Azerite Trait.
Damage and healing counted to activate Omnipotence  is no longer counted while Omnipotence  is active. 



Quests

Players who are on both "Shores of Fate " and "Payment in Kind " can now complete "Payment in Kind " properly.
Fixed an issue where some Rogues could not interact with the injured soldiers required to complete "Fear No Evil".


World Quests

The largest of Queen Azshara's prized jellyfish have been placated after stunning a great many players who missed their jumps occasionally, and will now allow players to jump on them more consistently during "Jumping Jellies ".