chaud2018-12-11, 10:15 AMPatch 8.1 - Tides of Vengeance Live Today
Patch 8.1 - Tides of Vengeance is live today!


Class Changes
New and Updated Azerite Powers - Patch 8.1 continues to improve the Azerite Power system with changes to existing powers and a plethora of new ones added to the available options!
Mythic Plus Azerite Armor Vendor - Thaumaturge Vashreen in each capital city sells Mythic Plus Azerite Armor caches and specific pieces for the new currency, Titan Residuum.
Spells Being Taken off the Global Cooldown - Several abilities are being removed from the global cooldown!.
New Warfront - Battle for Darkshore - This warfront continues the story of the Night Elves after the loss of Teldrassil and their fight to reclaim Darkshore from Horde control.
Warfront Rewards Vendor - Learn more about the new warfront vendor.
Warfront World Quests - Learn more about the new Warfronts world quests.
Night Warrior Scenario - Preview the Night Warrior Scenario and the new Night Warrior cosmetic options for Night Elves!
Fate of Saurfang Quest Chain - The story of Saurfang continues in this patch.
Faction Assaults - Learn about the new Faction Assaults, similar to the Legion Invasions!
Paragon Reputations for Battle for Azeroth Factions - Paragon reputations make a return!
Horde and Alliance War Campaigns Continue - Learn about the continuation of the war campaign.
Blood Elf and Dwarf Heritage Armor - Learn about the new Heritage armor for Blood Elves and Dwarves.
New Island Expeditions and Changes - Changes, additions, and a reward vendor added for Island Expeditions.
New Pet Battle Dungeon - Gnomeregan - Learn a little bit about the new battle pet dungeon.
New Paladin Spell Animations - New animations added for paladins.
Leveling Changes - Reduced experience to level!
War Mode Buff Changes - New incentives for the minority faction.
Account Wide Quality of Life Alt Changes - Account wide transmog reputation, Heart of Azeroth levels, and flight paths.
Mounts - Patch 8.1 adds a bunch of new mounts to obtain.
Profession Updates and Changes - New stuff for professions.
Miscellaneous Changes and Additions - Solo LFR Legion raids, new hunter pets, music and more!



What is Not Coming This Week?
Certain things will unlock on January 22, 2019 and a few things are a little further off than that!


January 22, 2019

The Battle for Dazar'alor Raid - New raid!

January 22 — Normal and Heroic Difficulties
January 29 — Mythic and Raid Finder Wing 1
February 12 — Raid Finder Wing 2
February 26 — Raid Finder Wing 3

PvP Season 2 - Season 1 will end and 2 will begin.
Mythic Keystone Dungeon Season 2 - A new affix and higher item level rewards with a 5th azerite ring

Future

Crucible of Storms Raid - A two boss raid in Stormsong Valley.
Kul Tiran Human and Zandalari Troll Allied Races - Two new allied races.





<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

  


New and Updated Azerite Powersnewazerite
Patch 8.1 continues to improve the Azerite Power system with changes to existing powers and a plethora of new ones added to the available options!


  



Mythic Plus Azerite Armor Vendorazeritevendor
Thaumaturge Vashreen in each capital city sells Mythic Plus Azerite Armor caches and specific pieces for the new currency, Titan Residuum  Titan Residuum  is rewarded from your mythic plus cache or breaking down Azerite Armor pieces at the scrapbot.


Item Level 355 Cache - 15 Titan Residuum 
Item Level 370 Cache - 50 Titan Residuum 
Item Level 385 Cache - 165 Titan Residuum 
Specific Item Level 385 Piece - 675 Titan Residuum 



      



Class Guides
Icy Veins is ready to go with updated class guides!
<div style="min-width:900px;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;padding:0px;"><style type="text/css">.child_div_1{ float:left;} #poll504sss_div_1, #poll504sss_div_2 , #poll504sss_div_2 { width:32%; float:left;} .child_div_1{ float:left;} #poll_div_outers {width: 900px; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;} </style><div id='poll_div_outers'>
<div id='poll504sss_div_1'>
<div class ='child_div_1'>
</div>
 Death Knight 

Skills  
Talent Calculator 
Class Forum 
Blood Death Knight Guide for 8.1 
Frost Death Knight Guide for 8.1 
Unholy Death Knight Guide for 8.1 
BfA Death Knight Leveling Guide 

<br/>
 Demon Hunter 

Skills  
Talent Calculator 
Class Forum 
Havoc Demon Hunter Guide for 8.1 
Vengeance Demon Hunter Guide for 8.1 
BfA Demon Hunter Leveling Guide 

<br/>
 Druid 

Skills  
Talent Calculator 
Class Forum 
Balance Druid Guide for 8.1 
Feral Druid Guide for 8.1 
Guardian Druid Guide for 8.1 
Restoration Druid Guide for 8.1 
BfA Druid Leveling Guide 

<br/>
 Hunter 

Skills  
Talent Calculator 
Class Forum 
Beast Mastery Hunter Guide for 8.1 
Marksmanship Hunter Guide for 8.1 
Survival Hunter Guide for 8.1 
BfA Hunter Leveling Guide 

</div>

<div id='poll504sss_div_2'>
<div class ='child_div_1'>
 Mage 

Skills  
Talent Calculator 
Class Forum 
Arcane Mage Guide for 8.1 
Fire Mage Guide for 8.1 
Frost Mage Guide for 8.1 
BfA Mage Leveling Guide 

<br />
 Monk

Skills  
Talent Calculator 
Class Forum 
Brewmaster Monk Guide for 8.1 
Mistweaver Monk Guide for 8.1 
Windwalker Monk Guide for 8.1 
BfA Monk Leveling Guide 

<br/>
 Paladin 

Skills  
Talent Calculator 
Class Forum 
Holy Paladin Guide for 8.1 
Protection Paladin Guide for 8.1 
Retribution Paladin Guide for 8.1 
BfA Paladin Leveling Guide 

<br/>
 Priest 

Skills  
Talent Calculator 
Class Forum 
Discipline Priest Guide for 8.1 
Holy Priest Guide for 8.1 
Shadow Priest Guide for 8.1 
BfA Priest Leveling Guide 

</div>
</div>

<div id='poll504sss_div_3'>
<div class ='child_div_1'>

 Rogue 

Skills  
Talent Calculator 
Class Forum 
Assassination Rogue Guide for 8.1 
Outlaw Rogue Guide for 8.1 
Subtlety Rogue Guide for 8.1 
BfA Rogue Leveling Guide 

<br />
 Shaman 

Skills  
Talent Calculator 
Class Forum 
Elemental Shaman Guide for 8.1 
Enhancement Shaman Guide for 8.1 
Restoration Shaman Guide for 8.1 
BfA Shaman Leveling Guide 

<br/>
 Warlock 

Skills  
Talent Calculator 
Class Forum 
Affliction Warlock Guide for 8.1 
Demonology Warlock Guide for 8.1 
Destruction Warlock Guide for 8.1 
BfA Warlock Leveling Guide 

<br/>
 Warrior 

Skills  
Talent Calculator 
Class Forum 
Arms Warrior Guide for 8.1 
Fury Warrior Guide for 8.1 
Protection Warrior Guide for 8.1 
BfA Warrior Leveling Guide 


</div>
</div>
</div><div style="clear:both;"></div></div>
Spells Being Taken off the Global Cooldownglobal
Several abilities are being removed from the global cooldown!
I believe it was Ion that said in a dev chat movement abilities were coming back off the GCD. So is this actually happening?
This is something that is still happening. Here is the list I have so far of abilities that are for sure coming off the GCD:

Havoc - Vengeful Retreat
All Druids - Wild Charge
Arms - Charge
Fury - Charge
Protection Warrior - Ignore Pain
Protection Warrior – Intercept
Protection Warrior PvP – Dragon Charge
Survival – Harpoon Source 


Well that’s nice I guess, what about all the other categories?
This is just what we have confirmed so far. There could potentially be more added to the list, but I personally just don’t know of any others yet.

We’d love to hear from you guys on more examples of abilities that you feel should be off the GCD and why. Source 


New Warfront - Battle for Darkshoredarkshore
A new warfront is being introduced to go alongside with the Battle for Stromgarde. This warfront continues the story of the Night Elves after the loss of Teldrassil and their fight to reclaim Darkshore from Horde control. Check out our preview below and for more information on how the cycle will work, refer to Blizzard's official preview !


  



Warfront Rewards Vendorwarfrontvendor
Patch 8.1 adds a new currency called 7th Legion Service Medal  / Honorbound Service Medal  These are acquired from Warfronts as well as Incursion World quests and can be spent at a vendor near your Warfront table in your capital city.


  


Warfront World Questswarfrontwq
Arathi Highlands now has a variety of world quests added to it instead of just the world boss quest. In addition, Darkshore also has many world quests. These are most likely available to the faction in control of the map.


    



Night Warrior Scenarionightwarrior
The Night Warrior scenario is a new series of quests that advances the story of the Night Elves after the events of the Burning of Teldrassil. Both Horde and Alliance have separate scenarios to tell the sides to the story. Alliance venture into Darkshore with Tyrande while the Horde attempt to resurrect fallen Night Elves with Nathanos, culminating in a showdown that leads to the Darkshore Warfront.


  


Night Warrior Night Elf Customization Options
Completing the Night Warrior Scenario unlocks a new skin tone option for Night Elves that grants them darker purple skin and black eyes.


    



Fate of Saurfang Quest Chainsaurfang
There is a new quest chain that continues the story of Saurfang from the point he is released by Anduin in the Lost Honor cinematic. This chain culminates in a choice that will have consequences in the future!


  



Faction Assaultsfassaults
Much like the Legion Invasions from the Legion expansion, Tides of Vengeance adds new limited time world quests that cycle between each faction defending or attacking an area of Zuldazar or Kul Tiras. If your faction is defending, you finish the Faction Assault by completing four of the world quests and then attacking the opposing faction's air ship. These are also a new way to level alts as characters 110 or above can complete a Faction Assault and receive the Taste of Victory  buff for an hour after completion.


  



Paragon Reputations for Battle for Azeroth Factionsprep
The Paragon Reputation reward system is returning from Legion for the Battle for Azeroth factions. Every 10,000 reputation you earn past exalted will now reward you with a container that can contain fun rewards! In addition, contracts for the 7th Legion and Honorbound factions have finally been added.


  



Alliance Factions

7th legion - Rallying War Banner , Recipe: Contract: 7th Legion 
Proudmoore Admiralty - Proudmoore Music Box , Albatross Feather 
Order of Embers - Bewitching Tea Set , Cobalt Raven Hatchling 
Storm's Wake - Violet Abyssal Eel , Technique: Glyph of Storm's Wake 

Horde Factions

The Honorbound - Rallying War Banner , Recipe: Contract: The Honorbound 
Zandalari Empire - Warbeast Kraal Dinner Bell 
Talanji's Expedition - For da Blood God! , Pair of Tiny Bat Wings 
The Voldunai - Goldtusk Inn Breakfast Buffet , Meerah's Jukebox , Words of Akunda 

Neutral Factions

Tortollan Seekers - Bowl of Glowing Pufferfish , Kojo's Master Matching Set 
Champions of Azeroth - Azerite Firework Launcher 




Horde and Alliance War Campaigns Continuewarcampaign
Both the Horde and Alliance will be able to advance their war campaign with tons of new story content that leads up to the events of the new raid, the Battle for Dazar'alor. The large chunks of each story will likely continue in installments for the next month, with the PTR calendar having the part releases listed as follows:


December 11 - Part 1
December 18 - Part 2
January 8 - Part 3
January 22 - Part 4
January 29 - Part 5



    



Blood Elf and Dwarf Heritage Armorbelfdwarfheritage
Players with maximum-level 120 Blood Elves or Dwarves who are Exalted with their faction Silvermoon City or Ironforge respectively will be able to embark on a new quest line for each race to learn more about their history. Once you complete your quest, you’ll gain a new Heritage Armor transmog set unique to your race and be able to show off your pride. Click the banners below to learn more about the quest chains!


    



New Island Expeditions and Changesexpeditions
Changes are being made to the way Island Expeditions function. Click the banner to see Blizzard's full preview! Highlights include:


Two new islands - Havenswood and Jorundall
Two new events akin to invasions currently

Azerite Ruptures - Protect a device from waves of enemies
Azerite Extractors - Set up an extractor that will grant you azerite over time, but the enemy team can take it if not defended

More clustered NPCs for easier navigation



  



Seafarer's Dubloon Vendors in 8.1
Vendors have been added near the Island Expeditions Que Hub in both Boralus and Dazar'alor that offer a variety of rewards in exchange for your Seafarer's Dubloon 


  



Mysterious Treasure Map Reward
The World Quest to win 1 Island Expedition a week has been replaced with a new one that has you collect enough Azerite from Island Expeditions to receive a Mysterious Treasure Map  This item unlocks a rare mission at your mission table that rewards Azerite Power and either 5,000 gold or additional Azerite Power depending on the mission.


  


Island Expedition Rewards Update
Patch 8.1 will change Island Expedition rewards from being based on the NPCs you kill to the NPCs that are on the island. 
In Tides of Vengeance, in addition to two new Island Expeditions, we’re making a number of adjustments and improvements to Islands. One of those changes will alter how various cosmetic rewards are determined, and we’d like to explain that further, as we promised here: 

Currently in Battle for Azeroth, Island Expeditions have a chance to reward cosmetic items based on which type of creatures you and your team defeated. For example, if the island theme of the week was Hozen, there’s a chance to receive one of the Banana toys. If the invaders were Nerubian, you could have a chance to receive the Voru’kar Leecher companion pet among other things. They way this has worked is by means of a hidden scorecard that counted your group’s efforts against anything on the island that was part of the invaders’ ecology. So if anyone in the group earned some Azerite from killing invaders or mining Azerite near the invaders, everyone in the group had a chance at the cosmetic rewards. That chance grew based on how much invaders’ Azerite was obtained, and was also a higher chance in Heroic and even higher in Mythic difficulty Islands. We set the maximum chance you could earn at a reasonable threshold, in the hopes that players wouldn’t feel that they needed to only kill invaders and not complete the islands in a natural way.

Of course, that’s not how it worked out. Confusion around the best way to get cosmetics led to a divergence in playstyles, with some players wishing to focus exclusively on hunting specific creatures, while others wished to win the island efficiently to get Azerite. This caused a significant amount of tension between players who had differing goals.

In Tides of Vengeance, all players on an Expedition will have a chance to receive cosmetic rewards based on the island’s inhabitants, rather than which enemies were specifically defeated. That chance will again be higher on higher difficulties, but there will be no need to strategize around invaders. The most efficient way to receive cosmetic rewards will be whatever tactics cause you to complete the Island quickly, on the highest difficulty that you’re comfortable.

Thanks to everyone who has stormed our high seas with feedback on this. We really appreciate it.


New Pet Battle Dungeon - Gnomeregangnomepet
Another pet battle dungeon is being added in 8.1 with a variety of mechanical themed rewards to earn!


  

It’s time to martial your menagerie and put your best battle pets forward within the halls of Gnomeregan.

To get started on your journey, you’ll need to have earned the achievement All Growns Up! , which requires you to raise a pet to level 25. This will make a new quest available to you from Radek Fuselock , who is located near the pet battle trainers in Dazar’alor, or Tizzy Gearjolt, who is located just outside of Dana Pull’s shop in Hook Point in Boralus. You won’t need to complete the Wailing Caverns or Deadmines pet battle dungeons to gain access, and with the release of the Tides of Vengeance content update, you’ll be able to play the three pet battle dungeons in any order.

Completing the quest and pet battle dungeon the first time earns you an Ultimate Battle-Training Stone  You’ll also be able to avail yourself of Manapoof’s aid to teleport directly to Gnomeregan’s dungeon entrance as a part of the quest reward.

For those daring to push your team, you can take on the Challenge Mode version of the dungeon, which requires you to have at least 15 maximum-level battle pets. This will open an account-wide weekly quest that you can pick up from Micro Zoox, who’s waiting outside the Gnomeregan instance portal.

Completing the Challenge Mode the first time will grant the achievement Pet Battle Challenge: Gnomeregan , which rewards a Mini Spider Tank  battle pet. Return each week to complete the quest and you’ll earn the reward Pristine Gizmo, which can be exchanged for items from Micro Zoox including an Unopened Gnomeregan Supply Box , Mechanical Cockroach , Schematic: Mechantula , Leper Rat Tail , and Rechargeable Alarm-O-Dog Battery 

Whether you’re new to pet battle dungeons or a companion-combat veteran, you’ll want to get in on the ongoing story as it unfolds. Who are the shadowy figures that keep appearing? What do they want? What are their nefarious plans? Discover what awaits your critter pals next in Gnomeregan!


New Paladin Spell Animationspaladin
Paladins are receiving visual updates to Avenging Wrath , Beacon of Light , Beacon of Virtue , Holy Light , and Light of Dawn !


  



Leveling Changeslevel
The experience required to level from 1 to 110 has decreased substantially, with extremely small changes to the 110 to 120 experience. Click the banner to see just how much the experience has been lowered.


  



War Mode Buff Changeswmode
War Mode is getting a buff to encourage mode people to participate in world PvP. The faction that is less represented in War Mode will get a Call to Arms buff for activating War Mode, increasing the 10% experience/rewards buff to 20% for the duration that your faction is the minority.


  



Account Wide Quality of Life Alt Changesalts
Alts will have it just a bit easier in Patch 8.1. Here are a few changes:


Account Wide Reputation Transmog Unlocks - As long as one character on your account has the necessary reputation requirements and unlocks completed, alts that meet the level requirements will be able to transmog certain tabards and armor pieces!
Account Wide Champions of Azeroth Neck Ilvl Unlock - As long as one character on your account has the necessary revered reputation requirement with Champions of Azeroth, alts that meet the level requirements will be able to complete the quests from Magni to upgrade their Heart of Azeroth !
Account Wide Flight Paths - As long as one character on your account has completed the Battle for Azeroth Pathfinder, Part One  achievement, you can purchase 7th Legion Scouting Map  or Honorbound Scouting Map  to trade to alts and unlock all Kul Tiras/Zanadar flight paths!



 

   


New Mountsmounts
Patch 8.1 adds quite a few new mounts! Click the banner to see them all!


  



Profession Updates and Changesprofessions
Many new recipes have been added this patch. Some highlights are below, with a look at all the new recipes by clicking the banner below.


Tidalcore  is a new crafting material from Heroic and Mythic dungeons
Breath of Bwonsamdi  - is a new crafting material from the Battle of Dazar'alor raid.
Recipe: Sanguinated Feast  - New cooking recipe that creates Sanguinated Feast , which provides 100 in your main stat and uses Sanguicell 
Formula: Enchanted Tiki Mask  - Enchanting recipe to make Enchanted Tiki Mask 
New armor recipes for most professions that will likely be available on January 22nd when gear item level rewards increase.



  



Miscellaneous Changes and Additionsmisc
A variety of many other changes and additions have been made to the game.


More World Quests have been added to Kul Tiras and Zandalar.
The reputation awarded for activities in Legion content for the Allied Race reputations has been increased.
100 Exalted Reputations  progress is now account wide, however, each reputation and its faction equivalent only count once across all characters. Having multiple alts will not get you the achievement any faster.
Blood-Soaked Tome of Dark Whispers  - Allows hunters to tame crawgs and other blood beasts.



Solo Queue for Legion Raids
Patch 8.1 adds the option to solo queue for wings of Legion Raid Finder difficulty raids to Archmage Timear  in Broken Isles Dalaran.


  


Boralus Update
Boralus has received a small tweak to the area leading to the War Campaign boat. Currently, there is a small gate separating the stairs from the 7th Legion Quartermaster. This has been removed in Patch 8.1 and replaced with an open plank to jump on from the stairs. The quartermaster has also been moved to compensate for this change.


    



New Music and Audio
A lot of new music and audio has been added in this patch.


  


Achievement, String, and Misc Changes
Take a look at the new achievements, strings, scenarios, mounts, and other misc changes coming in the patch!


  


<hr>
Content Coming on January 22, 2019
Some content will not be available when Patch 8.1 launches on December 11th. Here is what you have to look forward to next month!

Battle of Dazar’alor Raidraid
For ages untold, Dazar’alor has stood at the center of the great and powerful Zandalari empire. Its guards have thwarted numerous attempts on King Rastakhan’s life, and it has endured trials both ancient and new. But as war reaches the shores of Zuldazar, the Alliance embarks on a daring gambit to besiege the golden pyramid and sever the Zandalari’s bond to the Horde.


  


Raid Unlock Schedule

January 22 — Normal and Heroic Difficulties
January 29 — Mythic and Raid Finder Wing 1
February 12 — Raid Finder Wing 2
February 26 — Raid Finder Wing 3



PvP Season 1 Ends and Season 2 Startsseason2
Battle for Azeroth PvP Season 1 will end and Season 2 will begin at the same time as Battle of Dazar’alor opens on January 22.


  


Mythic Keystone Dungeon Season 2 Begins January 22mythic
To align with the opening of the new raid dungeon, Mythic Keystone Dungeon Season 2 will begin on January 22.


Reaping - New Affix that causes previously killed trash to rise and rush your group every 20% on the progress bar.
Increased item level rewards
Additional ring on Azerite Armor

The fifth ring has two spec specific trait options to choose between for each spec for your class.
The fourth ring continues to have one spec specific trait for each spec or the option of a general trait.




  




<hr>
Content Available in the Future
Some additional content will be released later than January 22nd, most likey around 8.1.5.

Crucible of Storms Raidcrucible
The Crucible of Storms raid will be a two boss raid that continues the story of Azshara and the Old God influences in Battle for Azeroth. This raid also has a series of quests related to Xal'atath.


  



Kul Tiran Human and Zandalari Troll Allied Racesallied
At some point after the Battle for Dazar'alor, we will be recruiting the Kul Tiran Humans and Zandalari Trolls officially into the factions. For more information on these races, click the banners below.


   