chaud2019-05-24, 03:58 AMWoW Classic Stress Test on May 29
We have just wrapped up the first stress test for WoW Classic and while we understand the concerns that a number of you have mentioned, it helped us in many ways. Testing the login process is certainly an aspect that is very important for us to explore and we did gather some valuable data yesterday, so we appreciate everybody who logged in or even attempted to do so during the testing window – you have helped us prepare WoW Classic for release.

That said, because of some of the issues that were encountered, we were not able to test other aspects that we’d planned for. As a result, we will be doing another stress test on Wednesday, May 29 from 2-4pm PDT. The stress test realm will become available at 2pm PDT and the level cap will be increased to 10. For access, we will be including everybody who was invited to the test on May 22. Similar to last time, the stress test realm will continue to be available until 4pm PDT on Thursday, May 30 so there is additional time to check out the starting experiences.

Please keep in mind that while more issues could impact the play experience, it is very important to perform these tests so we can learn about and fix as many of them as possible before the release on August 27. We thank you for your continued support and we’ll see you back on the WoW Classic stress test realm very soon.

Hogger also sends his regards…


Druid Forced Choice on Essences
The chosen abilities in PTR data are not final. In particular, the ones that would clearly be overpowered or problematic in PvE such as Leader of the Pack are generally cases where the final decision of which PvP Talent to give hasn’t yet been made.

The primary goal of Conflict and Strife is to provide an interesting choice in PvP by allowing access to an extra PvP Talent. It’s not necessarily going to be a strong option for PvE. The acquisition of this Essence is via PvP, and is totally optional for PvE-focused players. While there may be interesting PvE uses for some of the choices, it is not expected to be a strong competitor on usual PvE criteria like total throughput on every spec.


Essences Feedback - Multiple Role Essences
In this thread, please focus feedback and discussion on the multi-role Essences currently being tested in the Rise of Azshara PTR:


Conflict and Strife
The Crucible of Flame
Memory of Lucid Dreams
Ripple in Space
Vision of Perfection
Worldvein Resonance



Essences Feedback - Damage Essences
In this thread, please focus feedback and discussion on the damage dealer Essences currently being tested in the Rise of Azshara PTR:


Blood of the Enemy
Condensed Life-Force
Essence of the Focusing Iris
Purification Protocol
The Unbound Force




Essences Feedback - Healer Essences
In this thread, please focus feedback and discussion on the healing Essences currently being tested in the Rise of Azshara PTR:


Artifice of Time
The Ever-Rising Tide
Life-Binder’s Invocation
The Well of Existence
Vitality Conduit



Essences Feedback - Tank Essences
In this thread, please focus feedback and discussion on the tanking Essences currently being tested in the Rise of Azshara PTR:


Aegis of the Deep
Anima of Life and Death
Azeroth’s Undying Gift
Nullification Dynamo
Sphere of Suppression