Stoy2019-05-25, 12:20 AMPatch 8.1.5 Hotfixes - May 24th, 2019
Quests

Brother Pike has reviewed the ritual and will now properly remove the Gift of N'Zoth for Alliance players that complete “His Eye Upon You ”.
Nailok has consulted Akunda and should now properly remove the Gift of N'Zoth for Horde players who complete “His Eye Upon You ”.
Players who previously completed “His Eye Upon You ” should properly be cleansed of their previous Old God corruption.



Blue Posts
Essences Feedback - Multiple Role Essences
These issues with Memory of Lucid Dreams’ minor effect should be resolved in the next PTR build for Protection Paladin. Thanks for the bug report! Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

The next PTR build will have a change for both Brewmaster Monks and Guardian Druids with the Major power on Vision of Perfection.
Brewmaster Monks have had the Major effect changed to activate Invoke Niuzao, the Black Ox, when it procs. It will summon it for 25/35% rank1/rank2 of the talent’s duration.

Guardian Druids have had the Major effect changed to activate Incarnation: Guardian of Ursoc for 25/35% of the talent’s duration when it procs.
The Minor/passive effect is unchanged for both specs, it will still provide cooldown reduction to Fortifying Brew or Survival Instincts.
This should help the Essence feel a bit more noticeable and meaningful when it activates. Try it out in the next PTR build. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 


WoW Classic “Not A Bug” List Additions
I’ve added this to the OP:

You are unable to Polymorph enemy targets that are tapped by players with whom you are not grouped. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 
At all levels of player characters and enemies, aggro radius is set to the intended distance. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 
Long quest objectives don’t have text wrapping.
Fall damage is equivalent to expected and verified values.
Broadcast text can be seen multiple times if multiple players interact with the same NPC.
WANTED signs do not have “!”, and are also not highlighted.
Player characters do not animate when looting/interacting with quest objects e.g. collecting pumpkins.
Gnomes and Taurens are the correct size. 


The last one has been carefully verified. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 