Stoy2019-07-15, 01:23 AMOperation: Mechagon Hard Mode
The Operation: Mechagon mega dungeon has been out for almost a week now and players have discovered that there is a way to activate a hard mode of the dungeon that provides much more of a challenge, but also greater rewards upon completion!


The HK-8 Aerial Oppression Unit  hovers over one of the first three bosses when you enter the dungeon. Normally, you would head to whatever boss doesn't have the HK-8 Aerial Oppression Unit  over it, but for hard mode you must defeat each of the first three bosses while HK-8 Aerial Oppression Unit  is over it!

This causes you to have to deal with Walkie Shockie X1  robots during the fight, which are immune to damage but not crowd control and slowly follow random players while using Static Discharge  Upon reaching full energy they will self destruct.

Upon defeating the first three bosses while HK-8 Aerial Oppression Unit  is above them, you will head to fight the aerial unit. This fight will replace the normal Tank Buster MK1  robot with a Tank Buster MK2 , a harder hitting mob that also uses a move called Fulminating Burst , which adds a stacking mechanic throughout the fight.

The Walkie Shockie X1  robots you dealt with in the first three bosses return in this fight as Walkie Shockie X2  robots, which function the same but also have beams that connect between them which hurt when walked through.
The final change is reduced time to complete the hack in phase 2.

After defeating HK-8 Aerial Oppression Unit  you can continue the dungeon until you get to K.U.-J.0.

There will be a clickable pile of robo-waste on the ground that you must click before engaging the boss.
The only change to this fight is the addition of Noxious Stench , which adds a stacking slow.

The final part of hard mode involves the fight with King Mechagon 

There will be a small red button on a pedestal that must be clicked before the encounter.
Clicking the button will add a robot to the fight that does nothing but deplete its own energy bar over the course of the fight from 100 to 0. Upon reaching 0 energy, the party will instantly wipe.

To counter this, there are 4 panels around the room that will activate when the robot reaches 35 energy, roughly every 45 seconds.

These panels will all display a color and icon in a random order before flashing a red skull and activating an input sequence just before the final 10 energy countdown.
4 members of the group must each stand at one of these panels just before the input sequence and click them in the correct order that they lit up in to bring the robot's energy back to 100 and start the process over until the boss is defeated.






Completing Operation: Mechagon on Hard mode rewards the following:

The Keep DPS-ing and Nobody Explodes  achievement.

Completing Hard mode without anyone in the group dying the whole run will also give you the Hertz Locker  achievement and Rank 4 of your Vision of Perfection  essence, the lower ranks of which are initially aquired by defeating King Mechagon on a normal run.

Aerial Unit R-21/X  - Rewarded to a random player in the group.
An item level 430 Azerite Armor helm slot item rewarded to a random player in the group.




 



Patch 8.2 - Fun Flavor Text
Players have also randomly discovered that certain characters in 8.2 will react to your character in specific ways.


A Restoration Shaman with their weapon transmogged into Sharas'dal, Scepter of Tides  will have Azshara whisper them during the Eternal Palace raid.

Queen Azshara whispers: Is that Sharas'dal you hold? Impudent mortal! You dare to wield my own scepter against me?!

Bondo Bigblock in Mechagon will shout the following if you fly into Bondo's Yard riding Invincible's Reins 

Bondo Bigblock yells: We got a visitor! Look at you riding around on your dead pony. What, you can't find a live one?




Dark Legacy Comics #687
DLC #687  has been released! 


 