Osiris2019-06-27, 05:45 PMHotfixes: June 27, 2019
Character

Players no longer see spell effects created by the spell Curse of the Tides: Dark Water if it cannot affect them.


Classes


Rogue

Blade Flurry again deals the correct percentage of damage from Between the Eyes critical strikes.

Warlock

Resolved an issue that allowed Felhunters to cast Spell Lock while under the effects of specific types of crowd-control spells e.g. Dragon's Breath and Blind.
Fixed an issue that caused Imp pets to attempt casting Singe Magic on friendly targets beyond its 30-yard range.



Creatures and NPCs

Imperial Shapers now attack players who disrupt their channeled casts.
Iridescent Glimmershell’s Shining Iridescence ability no longer strikes players who face away from it.
Qalina, Spear of Ice’s Rejuvenating Waters ability now does less healing.



Dungeons and Raids

Battle of Dazar’alor

High Tinker Mekkatorque

World Enlarger again shrinks players in the first phase of the encounter.




Island Expeditions


Resolved an issue that prevented Island Expeditions from placing markers on map.


Items


Gems again appear in the Auction House’s gems tab.
Players can now obtain more than 15 Fragments of Zem'lan’s Lost Treasure Map.
Items created by Experimental Adventurer Augmentation no longer disappear.
Fixed a bug that prevented mount equipment from working in raids and Mythic Keystone dungeons.
Heart of Azeroth

Feral Druids can no longer cast Prowl during Vision of Perfection if they are not talented into Incarnation: King of the Jungle.



Player versus Player

Ashran now ends when enemy reinforcements are reduced to 0.
Fixed an issue that prevented players from receiving the correct amount of or any Prismatic Manapearls after completing the Battle for Nazjatar. 
Resolved an issue that caused Brawl: Arathi Basin Comp Stomp to incorrectly show up as the current brawl in the Suggested Content tab in the Adventure Guide.


Professions

Rank 2 recipes can no longer be looted before obtaining the corresponding Rank 1 recipe.


Quests

Players now receive quest credit for "A Tempered Blade" after slaying Bladesman Inowari.
Followers rescued during "Gather Friends" no longer engage in combat while invisible.
Players can again receive credit for completing “They Made Their Choice”. 
Fixed a bug that would cause Shirakess Apprentices to evade during “Tempest-Speaker Shalan'ali”.
Players can again receive credit for “Storming the Battlefields” on Alterac Valley, Arathi Basin, Deepwind Gorge, and Isle of Conquest.
Alliance players can now complete the War Campaign quests "Lost in the Field" and "Reassembly Required”.
Players can no longer receive the Heroic Battle for Stromgarde quest prior to its launch at the start of Season 3.
Players can again complete “Adapt, Improve, Overcome!” 
Players can now contribute to “Drill Rig Construction” while in a raid group.
Players who died during the end of the quest "Dominating the Indomitable" can loot the Petrified Ebony Scale.
The Waterlogged Toolbox item no longer prevents players from completing “Runelocked Chest”.
Area of effect abilities no longer interrupt players during “Runelocked Chest”.
Rustwing Scavengers and Rustwing Ravens should no longer become unkillable and keep the player in combat during “Aim High”.
Players can now complete “Collaborative Construction”.
Players no longer lose Abyssal Shards if they abandon “An Abyssal Opportunity”.
The Echo of Garrosh Hellscream will once again rise to challenge all who doubt the might of the True Horde during "Echo of Garrosh Hellscream".


World Quests

Chitterspine Meat no longer is lost upon leaving Brinestone Cove during “Hungry Hungry Hydras.” However, food regulation standards have given it a 24-hour limit to feed it to Scale Lord Theronar.
Fixed an issue where Scale Lord Theronar's mere presence could scare away the Cracklemaw Colossus, preventing completion of “Hungry Hungry Hydras”.
Queen Azshara is amused by adventurers' efforts facing her prized jellyfish during "Jumping Jellies" and has graciously cast a taming ward, making them easier to traverse.


June 26, 2019

Player versus Player


The total number of points required for a faction to win the Battle for Nazjatar War Mode event reduced to 3,000 was 10,000.


Quests and World Quests


Players will no longer need to relog to turn in the quest "Saving Corin".
Players can now turn in “Scouting the Pens” to Neri.


World


Players can no longer loiter at the teleport location for the Heart of Azeroth quest line in Highmountain.
Cursed items found in Nazjatar will now take longer to affect your character, and the detrimental effects have been reduced.
Fixed a bug where being mounted while interacting with Arcane Device would cause visual issues.
Prince Wiggletail is now easier to defeat.
Moved certain Chitterspine crabs in Bitterstone Cove that were out of line of sight behind the water wall.
Duration of Glimmershell Fluid increased to 2 minutes was 30 seconds.
Upon re-entering the zone, previously selected combat allies will once again join your side in Nazjatar.
Weeping Sanya now spawns upstairs so she no longer interferes with the puzzle World Quest in the same building.
Due to many harsh lessons learned from gravity, we are increasing the "Slow Fall" spell duration obtained from the top of Kal'methir Citadel from 15 seconds to 30.