Stoy2018-10-13, 04:32 PMIsland Expeditions Schedule
As some players have noticed, we’ve been adding invasion-style events featuring new types of creatures to Island Expeditions every week. Aside from adding a little variety, these also give you a chance to earn different cosmetic rewards.

Here's a schedule for the remaining events which will be added each week over the next couple of months:

Week of October 9 this week: Water Elementals Week of October 16: Air Elementals Week of October 23: Black Dragons Week of October 30: Tol’vir Week of November 6: Twilight Dragons Week of November 13: Old Gods


Blue Posts
Ion being contradictory about World First?
So apparently today Ion said the team loves watching the World First race. 

But yesterday in the Q&A, Ion said that the dev team doesn't care about the World First race, so if the Battle of Dazar'alor ends up with different final bosses for each faction, it doesn't matter, and it'll be up to players to decide what "World First" actually matters. And yes, I'm also aware he said that they may end up making it so all the bosses will end up the same order regardless of faction, but they aren't sure yet

I don't even care about World First, but isn't that like, seriously contradictory? You either care or you don't care about World First, but apparently Ion both cares and doesn't care about it in a 12 hour time frame of one another???
We love that the community rallies around World Firsts as this is a community created thing that became so popular, but when he says that we don't care about it he's just saying that we don't design with it in mind. It's a very niche thing as well as a niche type of player. We're talking about a less than .1% of players that even set foot inside the current raid tier at Mythic level that would even be competing for these World Firsts. 

Like Ion said in the Q&A we design encounters in the way that we feel would be the best experience. We might be wrong sometimes but that's the goal and we try to hit that. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

WoW Subscribers
Is it just me or have there been far, far more threads claiming to not continue their sub/cancel completely compared to all throughout Legion? Like, it's getting to a point where I'm wondering if Blizzard is worried or not. I don't want to go through another WoD debacle but I'm just personally noticing the increase in people who seemingly are done with my favorite game of all time.

This is troubling, no? Blizzard do you even care?
Then before that it was Legendaries in Legion, etc. The list goes on for each expansion. I remember seeing people on the forums claiming that the 1.6 patch was going to kill the game because it allowed players to queue for BGs at the Battlemasters in capital cities and thus they were unsubbing, this was 13 years ago.

I don't want to diminish or invalidate anyone's criticism with this post but yes, GD has always been like this and always will. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

im actually kind of sad to see this reply as it just feels inline with everything going on lately. shrug of the shoulders and oh well, btw we are making azurite more complicated, have a nice day!!. in this answer all I see is more of the same our way or the highway attitude from blizz. its disappointing.

Just gotta say, despite saying you don't want to diminish or invalidate criticism, you do just that.
Sorry if that was the feeling at all as like I said I don't aim to do that by any means.

Even though we all know how GD can get, we by no means use that to dismiss any present feelings or overall concerns. We recognize everyone is coming from a good place when they raise a concern and every forum post does have a point. Sometimes the point is a little silly or we disagree with it, but that doesn't make it any less valid from that perspective of that player even if they use McNuggets to explain it. Internally though we share a lot of the concerns you guys have, and conversations happen daily around them as well. We discuss what actually causes this problem and how to solve it. That includes fixing something if we feel it does need to be fixed. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 