chaud2019-05-06, 05:20 AMPatch 8.2 PTR - Tauren Heritage Armor Quest Chain
The Tauren Heritage Armor quest chain is now available for testing on the PTR. It requires you to have a level 120 Tauren that is exalted with Thunder Bluff to start the chain.


The quest "When Spirits Whisper" begins at the Orgrimmar Embassy. Spiritwalker Isahi informs you that Chieftain Baine Bloodhoof has requested your presence in Thunder Bluff.
Upon arriving, Baine explains that the spiritwalkers have been troubled lately by visions of chaos and turmoil, and the spirits have whispered your name. He asks you to meet with Spiritwalker Ussoh at Fargaze Mesa in Camp Narache.
At the top of the mesa, you are instructed to sit and commune with the ancestors by lighting an incense. Upon doing so, you witness a kodo in dire pain and Ussoh says that must mean the spirits are issuing a warning. He suggests you enter the spirit realm at once and tells you to meet him at Sun Rock Retreat in Stonetalon Mountains.
There, you begin the ritual and are tasked with meeting with your spirit guide on the other side, which turns out to be the kodo from the earlier vision. You follow it up a nearby hill in the spirit realm, and eventually it is attacked by a a void spirit, who sends its minions upon the guide. Upon defeating them, the spirit retreats through a portal and the kodo guide reveals itself as an ancient chieftain, Iti. She says the spirit realm is out of balance with dark spirits crossing over into the mortal world. She tasks you with warning the Tauren.
Ussoh says that having a spirit guide that is a chieftain is a great honor, and tasks you with heading to Bloodhoof Village in Mulgore to stop the spirit attack.
All of Mulgore is shrouded in darkness when you arrive. You reach Bloodhoof Village and rescue it from the attacks, but are then pulled to Thunder Bluff by Baine sounding the horn that it is under attack.
When you arrive, you help Baine take down the spirit from Stonetalon Mountains with the help of your ancestor. Periodically throughout the fight, Chieftain Iti will appear with a glowing circle around her. Standing in it grants you a stacking buff that increases your damage by 100%. 
When you defeat the spirit, Baine tells you to get rid of it for good, but he is interrupted by the spirits of his father, Carine, and his mother. Cairne tells him that they have already saved the spirit realm and balance is needed between light and shadow to see what lies before us. Baine pleads for them to stay and talk, but Cairne says that is for another time. The two fade after telling Baine that they are proud of him and continue to watch over him.
Baine then sends you to a nearby cliff to light an incense to honor the ancestors. Upon doing so, your spirit guide Iti appears and grants you the Heritage of the Taur-ahe  Ancestral Chieftain's Armor. You also receive the Ancient Tauren Talisman , which summons your spirit guide for a brief moment.



 

        
        
        
        
        
        
        


New Ask Mr. Robot In-Depth Class Guides
Ask Mr. Robot has just released a blog  detailing their new class guides. These guides use data to share multiple ways to talent and play a spec that are viable. 


 

<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>