chaud2018-09-05, 06:34 AMAdditional Hotfixes
A few hotfixes occurred that aren't listed in the official notes.
 Druid Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Autumn Leaves  - Effect decreased by 25%.


 Priest Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Gift of Forgiveness  - Effect decreased by 32.1%.



Patch 8.0.1 Hotfixes - September 4, 2018
Azerite Powers

Bracing Chill  healing increased 10%.
Brain Storm ’s Intellect increased by 66%. Duration increased to 15 seconds was 10 seconds.
Everlasting Light  healing increased 20%.
Fungal Essence  healing increased 15%.
Gushing Lacerations ’ Rip damage bonus increased by 37.5%.
Martyr's Breath  healing increased 50%.
Niuzao's Blessing  healing increased 100%.
Shadow's Bite  damage increased by 170%.
Spouting Spirits  healing increased 60%.
Strength of Earth  damage increased by 20%.
Fixed Umbral Blaze  to address an issue where its periodic damage could not critically strike. Also fixed an issue where its periodic damage would not correctly extend its duration if it was refreshed early.
Unbound Chaos  should now behave correctly on transports.


Character Services

Fixed an issue that prevented some players from reclaiming War Campaign outposts if they moved the character to a new World of Warcraft account.


Classes

 Shaman Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Enhancement

Windlash  correctly ignores armor.



 Warlock Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Demonology

Demons from the Inner Demons and Nether Portal talent now correctly match the Warlock's level.




Creatures and NPCs

Zooka no longer wanders around.


Dungeons and Raids

Freehold

Ludwig Von Tortollan's shell bounce damage has been increased.

Temple of Sethraliss

The Arrow Gauntlet is now less daunting on Mythic difficulty.

Waycrest Manor

Raal the Gluttonous now casts Tenderize earlier and more often. Additionally, his health has been increased.



Items

Fixed an issue causing the Briny Barnacle  to gain too much benefit from the player's Haste.
Disc of Systematic Regression  damage and Vigilant's Bloodshaper  damage reduced by 10%.

Developer’s notes -- These two trinkets now deal 15% more damage for each additional target they hit, up to 75% increased damage if at least 6 targets are hit. The damage is still split among all targets. Their tooltips will not reflect this change until corrected in a future patch.

Marie's Famous Cookies  can now only be used in the outdoor areas of Kul Tiras and Zandalar.
Fixed an issue causing the Risen Ravasaur from the Ravasaur Skull Bijou  to not be able to critically strike.
Fixed an issue causing the healing effect from Siren's Tongue  to not be able to critically heal.


Quests

Resolved an issue preventing additional characters on an account from being eligible for Arathi Highlands Warfronts quests.
The Nightfallen quest “The Stuff of Dreams” no longer requires defeating Xavius in Emerald Nightmare.
Kua'fon should now be available to accept "Nature Versus Nurture" or "Room to Grow".
Torrention will once again arrive to slay you when you retrieve the Thelgen Seismic Record to start “The Floodsurge Core”.


World Quests

The number of Forsaken needed to complete "Emergency Management" has been reduced.
On “Azerite Madness”, players will now get the correct amount of Azerite based on the number of enemies hit.
The Sethrak have grown more courageous and will once again respawn after seeing countless numbers of their friends mercilessly slaughtered. In fact, they're bringing even more Sethrak in to try to get all the new “Azerite Mining” that's happening in the area.