chaud2019-03-08, 12:12 PMTides of Vengeance Survival Guide - Part 3
Blizzard released their survival guide for Patch 8.1.5.


<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


Patch 8.1.5 PTR - Cycle of Life Tortollan Quest
The PTR has added an interesting new world quest to the Tortollan lineup called the Cycle of Life. 


It takes place with Scrollsage Nola  and can spawn anywhere that the baby turtle quest Beachhead resides.
This quest is very different from helping baby turtles to the water. Upon reaching it, Nola will tell you "These tiny crabs need help! I hate to see any living things suffer. Would you be willing to lend a hand?"
You then take control of a crab and must move left or right in order to block baby turtles from reaching the water whilst avoiding the orb attacks from Scroll of Blasting 
After blocking a baby turtle, its shell will appear on your head and you can use Throw Turtle Shell  to take out any baby turtles in a line up the beach.
The quest ends when you block 20 baby turtles from the water. Nola exclaims "All creatures in nature must live together in balance. But I can't help cheering for the little turtles!"



        


Patch 8.1.5 Portal Change Advice
WoW subreddit user TheYamagato  put together a nice guide  detailing how to get around in Azeroth with the portal changes coming next week. Click the banner below for some great advice! For reference, here is a list of portals being removed with Tuesday's patch Legion Dalaran portals will be available as you level through the content, but phase out once you reach current content:


Caverns of Time
Dalaran Crater
Karazhan
Wyrmrest Temple
Vale of Eternal Blossoms
Hellfire Peninsula



  


Warcraft Reign of Chaos - Episode 11
JoseBV  has released part 11 of Reign of Chaos!


<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


Diablo Released on GOG
GOG  has added the original Diablo to their repertoire of games for purchase. According to PCGamer , Warcraft: Orcs vs. Humans and Warcraft II will be making their way to the site as well. For now, you can purchase the original Diablo or the updated version.


 