Stoy2019-04-10, 01:54 AMCrucible of Storms Introductory Quest Chain Live
The quest chain that leads up to the Crucible of Storms raid is now live! The quest involves Xal'atath and servers as a lead up to the opening of the new raid next week! THE FOLLOWING CONTAINS MAJOR SPOILERS!


The quest starts at any Naga Attack! world quest. Killing naga at the world quest will award the Azsharan Medallion  which starts the quest The Azsharan Medallion 
Once you take the medallion to Collector Kojo, he will have you pick up Xal'atath and take her to an altar on top of the island North of Seeker's Vista.
Once placed on the Altar, her voice will speak from the blade and ask that you feed her souls of the nearby naga. 
After charging the blade, she begins to speak to you, telling you that the naga are intending to summon a storm to wipe the world clean of nonbelievers. She realizes it may be disconcerting to converse with a weapon, but says she wants to help you. If you are a priest, the conversation plays out differently, otherwise she will mention her time with a priest of Azeroth before having you retrieve a void stone in Drustvar.
After stopping a ritual for the void stone, you unleash Xal'atath from the blade and give her a mortal form a female void elf. She compliments you and then sends you to the outdoor world Freehold to retrieve the Trident of Deep Ocean from a pirate chest after killing the pirate for the key.
Xal'atath suggests fate brought you two together, and then has you retrieve the Tempest Crown from the giant crab Toatana in a cave in northern Vol'dun.
She then has you bring the relics and meet her at the Precipice of Oblivion near the Shrine of the Storm in Stormsong Valley.
Once inside the Crucible of Storms, you place the relics and awaken the sleeping eye of N'zoth! Xal'atath says that she has brought him the key to open the way, and then takes her leave while saying all worlds are now open to her. She says you will meet again.
N'zoth then speaks to you, eventually bestowing his "gift" upon you.
You now have a permanent buff called "Gift of N'zoth" that grants you an eye on your forehead. For as long as you have the buff you can see the eye of others who also possess the buff. In speaking to Brother Pike, he says that he does not wish you to become an eye for N'zoth and asks you to meet him at the Crucible of Storms to cleanse the gift.
Upon arriving, you are given the permanent choice on whether or not to remove the buff. We don't yet know the consequences of either decision, but cleansing it gives you the Twitching Eyeball  toy.




          
          
          
          
          
          



Patch 8.1.5 Hotfixes - April 9th, 2019
Raids and Dungeons

Lady Jaina Proudmoore

Howling Winds  duration increased to 10 minutes was 2 minutes on all difficulties.
Gathering Blizzard's  progress is now reset at the start of the second intermission on Mythic difficulty.
Ice Block health lowered by 25% on Mythic difficulty.
Shattering Lance  charge up time increased to 9 seconds was 8 seconds on Mythic difficulty.
Jaina will now always teleport to a predictable location during the first intermission on Mythic difficulty.





Hearthstone Expansion - Rise of Shadows Now Live
Hearthstone launched its latest expansion today! Check out Hearthpwn for their coverage !


 