chaud2019-05-10, 05:04 PMLive Raid Tuning - May 14
With weekly resets in each region, we’re making the following adjustments to three raid encounters.


Battle of Dazar’alor

Lady Jaina Proudmoore

The random Bombard locations in stage one are now less likely to light a Zandalari Ballista on fire when players are not nearby.
Chilling Touch now begins when Arcane Barrage is interrupted previously was when Nathanos is freed.
Prismatic Images now spawn closer to Jaina was centered on the middle of the area.
Icefall is timed to no longer coincide with full power Gathering Blizzard in Mythic difficulty.
Gathering Blizzard and Freezing Blood should now be more responsive in Mythic difficulty.
Jaina’s health has been reduced by 5% in Mythic difficulty.


Crucible of Storms

The Restless Cabal

Void Crash and Crushing Doubt now prefer ranged targets.
Witness the End duration reduced to 7 seconds was 9 seconds in Mythic difficulty.
Zaxasj the Speaker and Fa’thuul the Feared health reduced by 5% in Mythic difficulty.

Uu’nat, Harbinger of the Void

Void Crash now prefers ranged targets.
Insatiable Torment now prefers damage dealers.
Piercing Gaze of N’Zoth duration reduced to 4 seconds was 5 seconds in Mythic difficulty.
Undying Guardians health reduced by 17% in Mythic difficulty.
The number of players targeted with Unstable Resonance has been reduced to 12 per cast was 18 and now prefers ranged targets on Mythic difficulty.
Uu’nat’s health reduced by 5% in Mythic difficulty.




In Crucible of Storms, along with slightly reducing the overall difficulty of its encounters on Mythic difficulty, these changes are aimed at encouraging more diverse raid compositions, as well as making the encounters more accessible to guilds with melee-heavy rosters.

Again, these changes should go live with resets in each region.


Recruit-A-Friend Is Going on Hiatus
Recruit-A-Friend RAF is heading into the workshop! The longstanding RAF program is going on hiatus while we construct something new that makes it even more rewarding to introduce your friends to World of Warcraft. As of June 11, 2019, the current program will come to an end, and you’ll no longer be able to send new RAF invitations. Don’t worry though—the program will be back in its new form before you know it.

To take advantage of the current RAF program, your friend will need to link a qualifying WoW account to yours before June 11, and will have 90 days to purchase game time to trigger any rewards.* Check out the RAF web page https://worldofwarcraft.com/en-us/game/recruit-a-friend for the details on the current program and the available rewards.

We look forward to sharing the details of the new RAF program with you in the future!

*Recruited friends must not already have a World of Warcraft account, or their account must be fewer than 30 days old. Link period lasts for 90 days after your friend's account was first created.