Stoy2019-03-06, 06:16 PMYour Brawler’s Guild Invitation Is on Its Way
While you’ve been out playing pirate on the shores of Zuldazar and dancing through the fields of Drustvar picking flowers, the Brawler’s Guild has been hard at work training up their fighters and finding new contenders for you to face. But are you going to be ready to take them on after all of that downtime you’ve had vacationing in the islands?

Location: Brawl’gar Arena in Orgrimmar or Bizmo’s Brawlpub in the Deeprun Tram
Entry Requirements: Level 120 and either a Blood-Soaked Invitation or Brawler’s Pass

Rising up the Ranks
When you accept your invitation to brawl, you’ll find that the guild has shaken up their rosters a bit. In the arena, you’ll face foes both new and old as you battle to reach the prestigious Rank 8.

Meet the Newest Brawlers


  
  
  


There are many new faces just waiting to pit their skills against yours within the Brawlers’ Guild including:


Farmer Xiang-Su
Hyper Mega-Mecha Seagull x9000
Mama Stormstout
Ouroboros
Phillip Carter Tracey
Robe-Robber Robert
Spymaster
Thog Hammerspace
Tidemistress Shellbreaker


You’ve Got a Mystery to Solve
There’s more going on at the Brawler’s Guild than electrifying fights between competitors in their prime. A mystery is afoot, and after you’ve shown a bit of prowess in the arena, you’ll be tapped to help solve it. You’ll need to claw and carve your way to the truth using your keen intellect, astute powers of observation, and—of course—by punching a few things along the way.

The fate of the Brawler’s Guild lies with you!

New Rewards
If you’ve always wanted to ride Bruce around, here’s your chance! The guild’s chompiest contender is now available as a mount. Saddle up at your own risk.

Brawler’s Guild participants will also be able to earn Brawler’s Gold to spend on items that unlock additional challenges, shared bonuses for you and other arena contenders, and more.

Vendor: Gold Exchange in Brawl’gar Arena or Ulaani in Bizmo’s Brawlpub [/b]


High Roller’s Contract 100 Brawler’s Gold: Deliver to Slick Bixi at Brawl’gar Arena or Harold G. Goldsprocket in Bizmo’s Brawlpub to enable a game of chance for 30 minutes.
Bag of Chipped Dice 100 Brawler’s Gold: Deliver to a Brawl’gar Arena Grunt or a Bizmo’s Brawlpub Bouncer to enable random brawl mode for the next 30 minutes.
Blood-Soaked Angel Figurine 250 Brawler’s Gold: Deliver to Esme Sunshadow in Brawl’gar Arena or Lidiya Peyton in Bizmo’s Brawlpub to buy a graveyard inside the Brawler’s Guild for the next 30 minutes.
Brawler’s Potion: Dispenser 500 Brawler’s Gold: Deliver to Brawl’gar Arena quartermaster or Quackenbush or Dershway at Bizmo’s Brawlpub to buy a keg that dispenses free potions to all players for the next 30 minutes.
Rumble Card: Grief Warden 500 Brawler’s Gold: Purchase this card to challenge a deadly, hulking moose. All players in the queue get to participate in this fight.
Rumble Card: Penguin Stampede 500 Brawler’s Gold: Purchase this card to challenge a flock of slippery penguins. All players in the queue get to participate in this fight.
Rumble Card: Battle of the Brew 500 Brawler’s Gold: Purchase this card to challenge a group of pandaren to a rickshaw-pulling competition. All players in the queue get to participate in this fight.
Rumble Card: Senya 500 Brawler’s Gold: Purchase this card to challenge a very hungry hippopotamus. All players in the queue get to participate in this fight.
Rumble Card: Stranglethorn Streak 500 Brawler’s Gold: Purchase this card to challenge a series of beasts from Stranglethorn Vale. All players in the queue get to participate in this fight.
Rumble Card: Mindbreaker Gzzaj 500 Brawler’s Gold: Purchase this card to challenge a maddening herald of the Faceless Ones. All players in the queue get to participate in this fight.
Rumble Card: Mazhareen 500 Brawler’s Gold: Purchase this card to challenge a deadly spirit cat. All players in the queue get to participate in this fight.
Free Drinks Voucher 1,000 Brawler’s Gold: Deliver to Bruno Flameretardant at Brawl’gar Arena to buy 3 minutes of free drinks for everyone!
Zeppelin Rental Form 1,000 Brawler’s Gold: Deliver to Kergil Sparkwrench at Brawl’gar Arena to buy 10 minutes of free zeppelin rides for everyone! Horde Only
VIP Room Rental Form 1,000 Brawler’s Gold: Deliver to a Boom Room Bouncer at Bizmo’s Brawlpub to buy 10 minute of the free VIP room access for everyone!


Quartermaster Vendor Items


Potions: Brawler’s Coaster Healing Potion Requires Level 120, Brawler’s Battle Potion of Intellect Requires Level 120, Brawler’s Battle Potion of Agility Requires Level 120, Brawler’s Battle Portion of Strength Requires Level 120
Pets: Clock’em Requires Rank 3, Tylarr Gronnden Requires Rank 3
Gear and Transmogrification: Pugilist’s Powerful Punching Ring Requires Rank 4, Brawler’s Guild Tabard Requires Rank 5, Gemcutter Module: Mastery Requires Rank 6 – Jewelcrafting Only, Brawler’s Razor Claws Requires Rank 8, Ensemble: Brawler’s Garb Requires Rank 8