chaud2018-08-13, 03:17 PMBattle for Azeroth Live Today!
Battle for Azeroth goes live globally today, releasing at the same time for everyone!


The level cap has been raised to 120!
Dive into your faction's War Campaign quest as you level in order to unlock world quests and Allied Races at max level.
Patch 8.0.1 Recap - The prepatch introduced a lot of new things to go with the expansion.
Class Guides - Learn more about your class abilities going into the expansion.
Kul Tiras and Zandalar - Learn about the two new continents this expansion.
Heart of Azeroth and Azerite Armor Guide - Learn more about the new mechanics involved with the Heart of Azeroth and Azerite Armor systems.
Island Expeditions - Learn more about the new Island Expedition scenarios.
Warfronts - Learn more about the new Warfronts feature.
Battle for Azeroth Dungeons - Preview our dungeon guides for Battle for Azeroth!
Mythic Plus Changes - Several changes have been made to Mythic Plus dungeons.
Allied Races - See the new Allied Races you can unlock in Battle for Azeroth!
PvP Changes - Learn about War Mode and other new PvP features in BfA.
World Boss Guides - Learn about the new world bosses in BfA.
Reputation Guides - Learn how to reach exalted as quickly as possible with all of the new reputations in BfA!
World Quests - There have been a few changes for World Quests in BfA.
Profession Guides - Learn a little bit about what is new for your professions in BfA.
New Black Market Auction House Locations - The Black Market vendors are moving to the new continents.
Mounts - BfA adds a bunch of new mounts to obtain.



What is Not Coming This Week?
Blizzard has broken down  the release of certain content post expansion launch!

The Uldir Raid

September 4 - Normal and Heroic open
September 11 - Mythic, Raid Finder Wing 1: Halls of Containment Taloc, MOTHER, Zek’voz, Herald of N’zoth
September 25 - Raid Finder Wing 2: Crimson Descent Fetid Devourer, Vectis, Zul, Reborn
October 9 - Raid Finder Wing 3: Heart of Corruption Mythrax the Unraveler, G’huun

Warfronts - A few weeks after launch
Mythic Plus Season 1 - September 4
Battle for Azeroth PvP Season 1 - September 4



How to Level Quicker in Battle for Azeroth
If you are a player who is interested mostly in max level content, there are ways of speeding up your leveling process. 

Essential Items
Before the new expansion is released, there are a few items that you should stock up on.

Potion of Prolonged Power  a nice stat increase that you should be using every time before combat, especially during the first few levels
Defiled Augment Runes , or a Lightforged Augment Rune  if you have the required reputation for it. These are a small stat increase, but as long as you always keep one active, they will help out a little.
Flasks: main stat increase that you should always have active
Food that increases your secondary stats. You can either stick with food that gives 375, or craft some Sugar-Crusted Fish Feasts , which give Versatility instantly after sitting down to eat
Drums of Fury  great for speeding up fights against named enemies
Goblin Glider Kit  unless you’re a Demon Hunter, you should probably have a few of these to help you easily get to places from mountains.
Reins of the Azure Water Strider  having a mount that can walk on water can be very beneficial at times



Legendaries
During your leveling process, legendaries will be available up to level 116, after which they just become items with high ilvl.
Depending on the class and specialization you play, you will want to have at least two gear sets saved, but there may be more.

Combat Gear Set: this is what you will wear for most of your leveling process. Keep in mind that items such as Sephuz's Secret  can be procced on cooldown while leveling, as long as you have an ability to do so.
Speed Set: moving around faster saves a lot of time when leveling. 
Optional Defensive and AoE Set: if you feel like you might be a little undergeared, a defensive set to help you kill named enemies might be necessary. You can also make a gear set with AoE legendaries if want to group up more mobs.
Level 116 and Above: because legendaries lose their special effect, at this point you will want to equip two legendaries with the most stats on them.



Artifact Weapon
Hold on to any high ilvl relics you might have, even if they have bad traits on them. The artifact traits and relics become inactive while leveling, so having your weapon be at its highest possible ilvl will be the only thing that matters.


War Mode
Unless you’re uncomfortable with PvP, you should definitely enable War Mode for the 10% experience bonus, and the access to 3 new talents. PvP talents can offer very nice offensive, as well as defensive options when leveling, which on certain classes will speed up this process significantly. 


Add-Ons
There are a few Add-Ons which can help you out during leveling, especially when it comes to pathing, and efficiency. Azeroth Auto Pilot  from the creator of ConsLegion will guide you through a predetermined questing path, and give you specific directions on exactly what you should be doing. It also has a few other features, such as automatically accepting and turning in quests, which saves time.
If you want to follow your own questing path, you should use Auto Quest Turn In 


Leveling Tips
Here are some suggestions to make the process as efficient as possible.


The first expansion quest kicks off in Silithus, so you can wait at Magni for release. He will give you the Heart of Azeroth  and your first Azerite Armor Piece. 
Level through your continent's 3 zones -

Suggested Alliance Order - Drustvar then Tiragarde Sound then Stormsong Valley
Suggested Horde Order - Zuldazar then Nazmir then Vol'dun

Save your foothold War Campaign quests for after you complete a zone. Doing all 3 gives about one level. After your first zone is complete return to your capital hub to start the quest.
Instead of vendoring quest rewards, take them to the scrapper  after each zone. This will reward you with reagents and Expulsom  the new Blood of Sargeras.
At 120 you will mainly gear up by queuing for normal dungeons item level 310 gear until you have a item level 305 and can gear for heroic dungeons item level 325 gear. 
Make sure to do your 10 Regular Mythic Dungeons for the week. Note that you can manually zone into heroic dungeons with a 5 man group under the required item level. 
You need to have all reputations to friendly to unlock Battle for Azeroth world quests. Finish up any lingering quests until you make this requirement.
Prioritize the Champions of Azeroth reputation as each rank gives you +15 item level to your Heart of Azeroth , as well as a 355 item level Azerite Armor piece at exalted. Purchase a Contract: Champions of Azeroth  as soon as possible!
You will want to work on getting 7th Legion / Honorbound reputations to revered for the War Campaign Completion and to unlock the Allied Races.



Patch 8.0.1 Recappatch801
If you are just coming back, be sure to take a look at the Patch 8.0.1 recap for all of the system changes made to the game. 


 ! 


Class Guidesclassguides
Icy Veins is ready to go with updated class guides!


  


New Continentscontinents
Battle for Azeroth introduces two new continents with 3 zones each to explore! Each faction levels in their respective zone and utilizes both continents for max level. Click the maps below for in depth previews!


Kul Tiras Alliance - Tiragarde Sound, Drustvar, and Stormsong Valley
Zandalar Horde - Zuldazar, Nazmir, and Vol'dun



   


Heart of Azeroth Necklace and Azerite Armor Systemheartazerite
Battle for Azeroth has a new system of gear progression that involves the new Artifact necklace you receive right away, Heart of Azeroth , and Azerite Armor slots. Click below for a complete guide on how this new system works.


  



Island Expeditionsislandexpeditions
Battle for Azeroth brings a new Island Expeditions feature. Taking what the team liked from Mists of Pandaria's scenarios and stepping it up, these expeditions take a team of three players to uncharted islands across the Great sea in search of Azerite against advanced AI opponents.


The first team to collect a certain amount of Azerite wins. 
Each island is randomly generated and so there is always something unique and new to find. 
The enemy AI does not behave like normal scripted creature AI. They will fight in a much more unpredictable way. 
Island Expeditions are role agnostic, meaning that they do not require a Tank, Healer and DPS in order to succeed.
Difficulties include Normal, Heroic and Mythic.
There is also a PvP mode where the enemy AI is replaced with 3 players of the opposite faction.


  


Warfrontswarfronts
Warfronts are 20 man PvE large scale battles in which a team fights for control of a strategic point against the opposite faction AI.


Stromgarde in Arathi Highlands is the first Warfront.
Each faction will periodically take control of Arathi Highlands by doing a Warfront.
The faction who doesn't control Arathi Highlands contributes resources to open up the ability to get it back.
Having control of Arathi Highlands gives you access to rares and a world boss.
Gear is a reward for completing a Warfront.



  



Arathi Highlands Visual Updatesarathiupdates
Arathi Highlands has received some major upgrades for level 120 characters who unlock Warfronts during the war campaign.


  



Battle for Azeroth Dungeonsbfadungeons
Each faction has 4 leveling dungeons. All dungeons open up to both factions at level cap. Keep in mind that Kings' Rest and Siege of Boralus will only be available as Mythic dungeons, unlocked as you work through your war campaign.


   
   
   
   
   


Mythic Plus Changes and Additionsmythicpluschanges
Blizzard has continued to build upon the Mythic Plus system for Battle for Azeroth, adding in some changes!


You can no longer swap gear while in a Mythic Plus dungeon.
Mythic Plus will now have seasons much like PvP. This includes seasonal achievements such as Battle for Azeroth Keystone Conqueror: Season One  and Battle for Azeroth Keystone Master: Season One 
These seasons will also feature seasonal affixes. Season One will have Infested 
Tyrannical  and Fortified  are now Keystone Level 2 affixes, meaning every Mythic Plus dungeon will contain one or the other.
Your weekly Mythic + chest can now contain up to 3 pieces of gear.



Allied Racesalliedraces

Dark Iron Dwarves  are available to unlock for Alliance at launch.
Mag'har Orcs  are available to unlock for Horde at launch.
Kul Tiran Humans  will be available for the Alliance to unlock at a later date.
Zandalari Trolls  will be available for the Horde to unlock at a later date.


   
    


Battle for Azeroth PvP Changespvpchanges
Several new additions to PvP are now live!


Doing PvP activities rewards you with Conquest Points again! You will receive a piece of gear when you reach the cap for the week.
War Mode Bounties introduced in the pre-expansion patch continue in the new continents.
War Mode Air Drops introduced in the pre-expansion continue in the new continents.
The Dueler's Guild is a new location in the faction hubs that lets you queue up to fight other players one on one in a style similar to Brawler's Guild.
New Arenas

Hook Point Kul Tiras
Magumbala Zandalar




  


Battle for Azeroth World Bossesworldbosses
Battle for Azeroth has 3 new world bosses on each continent and 2 faction specific ones in Arathi Highlands for a total of 8 new bosses. Each one has a world quest associated with them and operate much like in Legion. The faction who controls Arathi Highlands has access to their boss during that time.


  



Battle for Azeroth Reputation Guidesreputations
Battle for Azeroth will feature a variety of new reputations to grind to exalted. Click below to learn more about each of them and what they have to offer. Especially important is the Champions of Azeroth  faction, as they provide a boost to your Heart of Azeroth as you earn more reputation. 


Alliance
   
   

Horde
   
 Voldunai Rewards - Battle for Azeroth Faction Guide  

Neutral
   


Additional Enemy Territory Flight Path Camps
As you progress through your War campaign you will set up foothold bases in each zone of the enemy continent. Initially, these are your only base of operations and flight paths in the continent, but gaining reputation with the 7th Legion/Honorbound will allow you to purchase Scouting Reports in order to unlock more flight path camps throughout the continent. Upon purchasing one of these reports you must complete a mission at the mission table to receive the quest to head to the location on the map and unlock the flight path.

Alliance Flight Path Scouting Reports

Honored 50 War Resources to purchase

Scouting Report: Grimwatt's Crash 
Scouting Report: Veiled Grotto 

Revered 100 War Resources to purchase

Scouting Report: Mugamba Overlook 
Scouting Report: Mistvine Ledge 
Scouting Report: Verdant Hollow 
Scouting Report: Vulture's Nest 



Horde Flight Path Scouting Reports

Honored 50 War Resources to purchase

Scouting Report: Swiftwind Post 
Scouting Report: Wolf's Den 

Revered 100 War Resources to purchase

Scouting Report: Hillcrest Pasture 
Scouting Report: Mudfisher Cove 
Scouting Report: Stonefist Watch 
Scouting Report: Stonetusk Watch 
Scouting Report: Windfall Cavern 




Battle for Azeroth World Questsworldquests
Battle for Azeroth has continued the world quest system and there is a multitude of new quests and emissaries. To unlock world quests you must reach Level 120 and complete the quest Uniting Kul Tiras  A or Uniting Zandalar  H. This means that you must also have completed the War Campaign quests up this point, which involves doing all three war campaign foothold quests in the zones on the opposite continent.


Emissaries can reward Azerite Armor Caches.
Each faction will have World Quests on both continents at max level.
World Quests are a good source of Azerite.
World Quests can also give bonus reputation as a reward.


  

    



Battle for Azeroth Professionsprofessions
As with any expansion, Battle for Azeroth offers a variety of new recipes and items to craft or gather. Click below to find out just what is being added for each profession!


Kul Tiran and Zandalari Professions are now available to learn and level!
Each profession is separated into expansions and leveled separately from one another. 
Each expansion has its own leveling path for items from that expansion, similar to the Mists of Pandaria cooking. 
You can choose to go back and level older expansion crafting, or you can simply level the current expansion. 
This allows you to craft items with current expansion materials without needing older expansion materials to level.
You can still go back and level older expansion crafting skills as well. 
To clarify further, an example of this means that you can level your "Cataclysm Tailoring" by crafting Cataclysm patterns, but this doesn't stop you from progressing your "Kul Tiran / Zandalari Tailoring" with the new expansion's patterns.
First Aid is gone  and its patterns are redistributed into Tailoring and Alchemy. Your First Aid crafts will have to be relearned in their respective new profession.



  


New Black Market Auction House Locationsblackmarket

Alliance - You can find Madam Gosu  in Boralus at Hook Point. 
Horde - You will find Madam Goya  just outside the dock area of the Horde capitol of Dazar'alor in a small Tortollan hub in Zuldazar.


   
    


Battle for Azeroth Pathfinder Part 1 Requirements Guidepathfinder
Players are able to start earning the requirements for the first part of the flying achievement in Battle for Azeroth. Earning the Battle for Azeroth Pathfinder, Part One  achievement will increase your mount speed in all Battle for Azeroth zones. Here is a list of the requirements. Note that you do not need to complete both the Horde and Alliance questing zones to complete the achievement, but one or the other along with the War Campaign.


    



Battle for Azeroth Explorer  - For this achievement you must fully uncover the map for all Battle for Azeroth zones on both continents.
Kul Tourist  or Zandalar Forever!  - For this achievement you must complete the main story quest chains in either all Kul Tiras zones or Zandalar zones.
Ready for War  or Ready for War  - This achievement requires completing either the Alliance or the Horde War Campaign quest chain.
Wide World of Quests  - Complete 100 different world quests in Battle for Azeroth zones.
Azerothian Diplomat  - Earn revered status with all Alliance/Neutral or Horde/Neutral reputations in Battle for Azeroth.



Mountsmounts
There are a lot of new mounts to collect in Battle for Azeroth!


  



New Iconsicons
Battle for Azeroth has a multitude of new icons!


 


New Musicmusic
There is a large amount of new music in Battle for Azeroth!


  



WoWDB Addon Data Collectionaddons
Quickly populating the database with new additions is done with the help of many players. The more people that contribute data, the more accurate and quickly we can update the database.

To help out, just click here curse://enable-wowdb-upload if you have the Twitch Desktop App already installed.

When you are playing the addon will gather data and save it. When you are done playing, Twitch will see the game close and upload the collected data from the addon. 


 