chaud2019-04-04, 04:29 PMBuffed.de Interview with Ion Hazzikostas on Patch 8.2
Buffed.de also interviewed http://www.buffed.de/World-of-Warcraft-Spiel-42971/Specials/Ion-Hazzikostas-Interview-Patch-82-Azsharas-Aufstieg-1279023/ Ion today on the upcoming Rise of Azshara patch.


https://media.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2019/april/thumb/buffedbanner.jpg http://www.buffed.de/World-of-Warcraft-Spiel-42971/Specials/Ion-Hazzikostas-Interview-Patch-82-Azsharas-Aufstieg-1279023/ 


Classic

There is nothing new to share on Classic and it's still releasing in the summer.

Patch 8.2 Features

There are no new Allied Races in Patch 8.2. The team will add more where it makes sense, and entirely new races non allied races are still better added in expansions rather than content updates.
Mechagon is smaller than Nazjatar, but still has a lot of content. It is slightly larger than the Timeless Isle.

Story in Rise of Azshara

Azshara has plans and has a role to play in the faction conflict. There are events that the players will not expect.
We have just come off of a major battle between the factions, and so the faction conflict will continue for the foreseeable future.

Classes

The team wants to see more class representation in Mythic + and the MDI and will consider this when adding affixes in the future.
There are no plans to add a fourth spec option to existing classes in the near future. Another spec would add a lot more complications to someone learning the game.
In the future the team wants to make the existing specs more distinct from each other, with noticeable strengths and weaknesses.

Miscellaneous

There could be more bot AI brawls in the future as seen with Comp Stomp.
It would be hard to imagine a WoW 2.0 not in Azeroth, however, the team can change the world drastically such as adding the sword in Silithus.

Development

Ion admits that one of the flaws of BfA's start was the fact that all the new features did not blend together in a cohesive manner. For example, the Order Halls of Legion were directly tied into the story and your Artifact Weapon, whereas this is not the case in the latest expansion.
The team continues to read and value player feedback. They read almost everything, but also realize that not all players are on social media.
Players often feel like silence means that the team is not listening. This is not the case. They actively discuss a lot of the topics presented on the forums, but don't want to announce changes until they are certain it is the right direction and considers the wider audiences. A good example of this is the problems of Warforging/Titanforging. The team actively discusses it, but want to find a satisfying solution for all audiences.
They are reluctant to implement systems for leveling used in Guild Wars because leveling up and character progression/strength is a core experience for RPGs.
They definitely want to get to a place where every level up means something again.




Quartermaster's Bounty and Warlord's Trophy
Is there any word on the fix to the reward for this quest? The breakdown of the Season 2 Rewards advertised that the quest would reward a Warlord’s Trophy, not the Battleborn Sigil that it is now. It would be nice for the reward to be updated to reflect what was advertised, given there are many out there that burned Bonus Rolls just to accelerate the process of acquiring it, and that there is even less control over PvP gear than there is PvE gear.
We apologize for the confusion on this. The intent was for the reward to be a Battleborn Sigil when you turn in the 10 Quartermaster’s Coins, but we had it listed wrong in the Season 2 blog post. The blog has been updated and I wanted to confirm that the Battleborn Sigil reward is correct.