chaud2019-01-11, 02:16 AMPatch 8.1 Hotfixes - January 10, 2019
Island Expeditions

Developers’ notes: Following up on recent community feedback that we requested, a number of quality-of-life concerns led us to changes that we intend to address many frustrating combat experiences with certain Island ecologies.
Azerite-themed enemies

Enemies now prefer not to use Resonant Burst, Resonant Shield, and Volatile Geyser when a nearby enemy has recently used the ability.
Reduced the number of Resonant Focus orbs created per cast of Resonant Burst to 2 orbs was 4.
Removed the Knockback component of Resonant Backlash triggered from Resonant Shield on Normal and Heroic difficulties.
Reduced the Knockback magnitude of Resonant Focus orbs on Normal and Heroic difficulties.
Volatile Eruption's disorient effect triggered from Volatile Geyser has been reduced to 1 second on Normal and Heroic difficulties, and reduced to 2 seconds on Mythic difficulty was 3 seconds.

Kvaldir enemies

Greatly reduced the magnitude of the two visibility-impacting effects Fetid Mist, Eerie Fog triggered from the Kvaldir invasion.

Musken and Yak enemies

Removed the knockback effect from Ram.
Trample damage reduced by about 50% and is now melee defense.



Player versus Player

 Druid Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Balance


Celestial Alignment increases damage of your spells by 10% when engaged in combat with enemy players was 15%.
Incarnation: Chosen of Elune increases damage of your spells by 20% when engaged in combat with enemy players was 25%.
Shooting Stars now generates 2 Astral Power when engaged in combat with enemy players was 4 Astral Power.



 Monk Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Mistweaver

Surging Mist PvP Talent mana cost increased to 3.8% of base mana was 2% of base mana, and healing reduced by 20%.
Way of the Crane PvP Talent increases physical damage by 25% was 35%, and now heals for 150% of damage dealt was 200%.



 Shaman Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Elemental

Earth Shock damage reduced by 10% when engaged in combat with enemy players.
Stormbringer increases Lightning Bolt damage by 115% when engaged in combat with enemy players was 125%.
Surge of Power can now cause up to an additional 2 Lightning Bolt overloads against enemy players was 3 additional overloads.





Blue Posts
Regeneratin' Zandalari racial
On the PTR, Regeneratin ’ should now stop channeling upon taking damage. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 