Stoy2019-06-04, 02:35 AMPatch 8.1.5 Hotfixes - June 3, 2019
Dungeons and Raids

Crucible of Storms 

The Restless Cabal

The cast time of Witness the End has been increased by up to 3 seconds in smaller raid sizes in Raid Finder, Normal, and Heroic difficulties was 9 seconds in a 10-player raid, 6 seconds in a 30-player raid.
The health of Zaxasj, Fa'thuul, Visage from Beyond, and the Ocean Rune has been reduced by up to 10% in smaller raid sizes in Raid Finder, Normal, and Heroic difficulties. Health will remain the same in 30-player raids.

Siege of Orgrimmar

Fixed a bug that caused the Fallen Protectors to be invincible.

Warlords of Draenor Timewalking

Fixed a bug that prevented players from collecting Timewarped Badges from the Deaths of Chromie Scenario.




Quests

Thundering Goliath World Quest should now always give credit.
Those who have embraced N’Zoth should find their Gift restored. N’Zoth does not forget those who have aided him.



Patch 8.2 PTR - New Mounts Preview
Rise of Azshara is adding quite a few new mounts. Here is a list of the ones known so far!

Operation: Mechagon Dungeon Mounts

Aerial Unit R-21/X  - Drop from King Mechagon  in Operation: Mechagon Dungeon.
Mechagon Peacekeeper  - Drop from Operation: Mechagon Dungeon. Possibly by completing hard mode?



   
 

Mechagon Zone Mounts

Rusted Keys to the Junkheap Drifter  - Drop from Rustfeather on Mechagon Isle.
Rusty Mechanocrawler  - Drop on Mechagon Isle.
Mechanocat Laser Pointer  - Crafting Blueprint on Mechagon Isle. You can customize the colors of this mount.



     
  

Quest Mounts

Child of Torcali  - Quest Wander Not Alone
Deepcoral Snapdragon  - Quest Wild Tame
Scrapforged Mechaspider  - Quest Drive It Away Today 
Snapdragon Kelpstalker  - Quest A Gift from Neri 



       
   

Achievement Mounts

Azshari Bloatray  - Glory of the Palace Raider  Achievement
Keys to the Model W  - Mecha-Done  Achievement
Wonderwing 2.0  - Battle for Azeroth Pathfinder, Part Two  Achievement
Snapback Scuttler  - Undersea Usurper  Achievement



       
   

Nazjatar Zone Mounts

Crimson Tidestallion  - Costs 4 Cultist Pinky Finger, 2 Pulsating Blood Stone, 3 Overwhelmingly-Alluring Idol, and 1 Hungry Herald's Tentacle Taco. This is a game of trading with Murloc vendor NPCS around Nazjatar that ultimately leads to the vendor Mrrl. It also grants the achievement Mrrl's Secret Stash 
Fabious  - Drop from Fabious in Nazjatar
Inkscale Deepseeker  - PvP 150 Nazjatar Battle Commendation 
Royal Snapdragon  - Drop in Nazjatar
Silent Glider  - Drop from Soundless in Nazjatar



         
    

Profession Mounts

Xiwyllag ATV  - Blacksmithing and Engineering



 


Reputation Mounts

Rustbolt Resistor  - Exalted with the Rustbolt Resistance and costs 524,288 gold at the Rustbolt Resistance Emissary.



 


Horde

Unshackled Waveray  - Exalted with The Unshackled and costs 250 Prismatic Manapearl  at the Unshackled Emissary.
Reins of the Captured Swampstalker  - Exalted with Talanji's Expedition and costs 90,000 gold at the Talanji's Expedition Emissary.
Reins of the Spectral Pterrorwing  - Exalted with the Zandalari Empire and costs 90,000 gold at the Zandalari Empire Emissary.
Reins of the Voldunai Dunescraper  - Exalted with the Voldunai and costs 90,000 gold at the Voldunai Emissary.



       
   

Alliance

Ankoan Waveray  - Exalted with Ankoan and costs 250 Prismatic Manapearl  at the Ankoan Emissary.
Reins of the Dusky Waycrest Gryphon  - Exalted with The Order of Embers and costs 90,000 gold at the Order of Embers Emissary.
Reins of the Proudmoore Sea Scout  - Exalted with the Proudmoore Admiralty and costs 90,000 gold at the Proudmoore Admiralty Emissary.
Reins of the Stormsong Coastwatcher  - Exalted with Storm's Wake and costs 90,000 gold at the Storms Wake Emissary.



       
   

Rated PvP

Vicious War Basilisk  - Alliance Vicious Saddle  Mount.
Vicious War Basilisk  - Horde Vicious Saddle  Mount.



   
 


Raid Testing Schedule - June 7th
On Friday June 7th, we will be conducting Mythic raid testing in The Eternal Palace.

June, 7th

Za’qul, Harbinger of Ny’alotha - Mythic Eternal Palace
13:00 PDT 16:00 EDT, 22:00 CEST
Blackwater Behemoth - Mythic Eternal Palace
14:00 PDT 17:00 EDT, 23:00 CEST
Orgozoa - Mythic Eternal Palace
15:00 PDT 18:00 EDT, 24:00 CEST

As always, this testing schedule is very fluid and subject to the realities of a test environment. We might have to change the time of a testing session, change the bosses being tested, or cancel a test entirely, due to bugs, server hardware issues, etc. Keep an eye on this forum for the latest information, and thank you in advance for testing and providing feedback.

Q: How do I get into the raid zone?
A: In Zuldazar, Boralus, Dalaran, Orgrimmar, or Stormwind, you may speak to Nexus-Lord Donjon Rade III in order to teleport into the raid zone while it is open for testing. The option to teleport into a zone will not be available when the zone is not open for testing.

Q: What character should I use to test the raid?
A: Whichever you prefer. We will be scaling players’ effective level to 120 for raid testing, and their item level to an appropriate threshold for the encounters being tested.

Q: How long does testing last?
A: The primary purpose of testing is to give us the information we need to balance the encounters, evaluate how mechanics are playing out in practice, and identify bugs. Once we’re satisfied that we’ve received that information for a given boss, we’ll be shutting down testing. Usually this takes anywhere from 45 minutes to 2 hours, but there are no guarantees.