chaud2019-03-14, 02:43 AMPatch 8.1.5 Hotfixes - March 13, 2019
Allied Races

Players attempting to complete the Mag'har and Zandalari Troll Allied Race unlocks at the same time are now able to speak to Oculeth in the Great Seal.
Kul Tiran Druids and Shamans are now able to complete quests in Northshire Abbey.
Fixed an issue that caused the stun component of Kul Tirans’ Haymaker to ignore diminishing returns and effects that reduce the duration of stuns.
Zandalari Troll Mages now benefit from Embrace of Paku.


Classes

Corrected issues with balance updates from Tides of Vengeance that were missing from this week’s update, including a Marksmanship Hunter damage increase and changes to the Equipoise and Replicating Shadows Azerite Traits.


Dungeons and Raids

Fixed issues with this week’s update that caused several bosses in previous expansion content to behave in unexpected ways.


Island Expeditions

Fixed a bug preventing players from entering portals spawned during invasions.


Items

Fixed an issue with items such as Monel-Hardened Shield that caused them to be unequippable.
Fixed a bug that caused Incandescent Sliver to have too little Mastery, and fixed an issue preventing the sliver from working as intended near an ally in the outdoor world.
Heart of Azeroth

Shaman

Roiling Storm will no longer grant you Stormbringer https://www.wowdb.com/spells/201845-stormbringer while out of combat and can no longer trigger Stormbringer in less than 20-second intervals. It will now grant you Stormbringer as soon as you enter combat.

Developers’ notes: Our intention is for this trait to provide the same combat effectiveness, but to avoid putting a spell visual on your screen everywhere you go.





Professions

Jewelcrafting

On “Atal’Dazar: Not All That Glitters…”, Alliance players should now be able to go to Atal'Dazar and collect an Eye of Dazar on non-Mythic Keystone difficulties.

Engineering

Fixed a bug preventing players from looting a Miniaturized Power Core if they have killed P4-N73R4 or Sabertron prior to completing the Tools of the Trade questline.



Quests

Fixed a bug preventing players from being able to click on the console to complete "Bonds of Thunder".
Flynn Fairwind should again drunkenly move along as expected during "Lovesick and Lost".
Fixed an issue where players who abandoned "Homeward Bound" could have difficulty re-accepting it. An Image of Mimiron just outside Ulduar now also offers the quest.
Players can no longer access "Paid in Blood" while in the pre-wound version of Silithus.
Fixed a bug preventing players from targeting Ritssyn while "Rebuilding the Council".


System

Fixed an issue causing lag for players using some Azerite Traits during some raid encounters.


World Quests

Players doing “Wet Work” will no longer be able to receive the Infiltrating buff from NPCs if they are in combat.
Horde players can no longer take control of Krag'wa the Huge and attack Alliance players in Nazmir.
“Saving Xibala” is now visible on the Zuldazar map.
Found some missing Trolls that were left behind during Rally the Rastari after "No Troll Left Behind" was completed. They were returned to the rally.