chaud2018-07-25, 04:12 AMPatch 8.0.1 Hotfixes - July 24
Classes

 Druid Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Swift Flight Form again correctly travels at the same speed as fast flying mounts.
Balance

Fixed a bug where Nature's Balance was granting slightly less Astral Power than listed.
Twin Moons now correctly interacts with the Lady and the Child Legendary Shoulder armor effect.



 Paladin Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Holy

Healing from Avenging Crusader will correctly be increased if the target has Mystic Touch or Chaos Brand.

Retribution

Fixed a bug where Inquisition would not work correctly together with the Light’s Vanguard Battleplate 4-piece bonus or Divine Purpose.



 Priest Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 


Discipline

Healing from Atonement will correctly be increased if the target has Mystic Touch or Chaos Brand.




Creatures and NPCs

Various rare hunter pets around the world are now correctly level scaling again.
Prince Navarius’ Soul Blast no longer deals excessive damage.
Vile Tutors’ Shadow Shields no longer absorb an excessive amount.


Dungeons and Raids

Antorus, the Burning Throne

Felhounds of Sargeras

Shatug’s Decay now hits for less damage.

Aggramar

Blazing Eruption damage reduced by 20%.

Argus the Unmaker

Sentence of Sargeras damage reduced by 30%.
Rent Soul damage reduced by 30%.
Withering Roots damage reduced by 60%.


Blackfathom Deeps

Corrupted Healing Totem no longer excessively heals enemies.

Dire Maul

Immol'thar will now slay the Highborne Summoners after all of the nearby pylons have been deactivated.

Hellfire Citadel

Tyrant Velhari’s Aura of Oppression's rate of damage increase has been reduced.

Maraudon

Lord Vyletongue's Multishot damage has been reduced.

Maw of Souls

Resolved an issue with Helya's Brackwater Barrage which caused some of the visuals to function incorrectly.

Mogu’shan Vaults

Defeating the Stone Guard on Raid Finder will award loot correctly if the Jade Guardian is the last to fall.

Pit of Saron

Fixed a bug that made some NPCs have the wrong appearance.

Scarlet Halls

Burning Books damage has been reduced to an appropriate level.



Garrisons

The Garrison Fishing Shack quests have been updated with the appropriate skill requirement and can once again be accepted and completed.
The Universal Language Module is no longer required for "Auctioning for Parts".


Items

Fixed an issue where the Lightforged Warframe called from the Vindicaar was unintentionally fragile. Artificer Romuul has replaced its Vindicator Plating, significantly increasing resistance to demonic threats.
Fixed an issue where defeating Viz'aduum in Karazhan did not contribute towards earning the Legion Class Hall Leggings.


Player versus Player

The Twin Spire Ruins graveyard again changes control when one faction brings their Battle Standard to its location.
Isle of Conquest

Health of gates has been increased by 100%.
Health of NPC generals has been increased by 30%.
Demolisher vehicles now deal an appropriate amount of damage.
Keep Cannons and Glaive Throwers now deal reduced damage to players.



Professions

Cloak enchantments from Warlords of Draenor can now only be applied to items with an item level of 151 or lower.
Blacksmithing Sharpening Stones and Enchanting Oils have had their max item level requirements updated.
Ancient Gem Veins can now be mined with the Outland Mining skill.
The Gnomish Army Knife and Ultimate Gnomish Army Knife should now be usable again by engineers.
Players with Warlords of Draenor fishing can again catch large fish or Lunkers.


Quests

Increased experience rewards during the Death Knight introductory quests, allowing them to enter either Burning Crusade or Wrath of the Lich King content immediately after completing the starting experience.
Fixed a bug that prevented the completion of “The Felsoul Experiments”.
Illidan Stormrage again knows several useful spells during “Ravencrest’s Legacy”.
Players can again complete and turn in "The Legend of the Four Hammers". If a new Armorcrafter's Commendation is needed, it is now offered for 1000 Nethershards from Warmage Kath'reen.
Fixed a bug that caused Yenniku to sometimes get killed and make “Saving Yenniku” impossible.
The Warsong Battle Standard has had its toughness increased in order to survive longer against the Anu'bar Invaders during "The Might of the Horde".
Fixed a bug that was preventing the completion of “Wooly Justice”.
Fixed several issues in "The Defense of Karabor" that could prevent completion.
On "Rocket Rescue", the Pirate-Destroying Bombs will once again wreak their deadly havoc.
Fixed an issue where Saurfang did not exercise enough restraint against Warriors dueling him during the quest "Secrets of the Axes".
During "A Little Help From My Friends", slapping Ringo will no longer instantly kill him.