Stoy2018-08-01, 03:56 AMPatch 8.0.1 Hotfixes - July 31
Classes

 Death Knight Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Blood

Dancing Rune Weapon now deals the correct amount of damage when using Heart Strike.



 Hunter Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Marksmanship

Hunter's Mark will no longer break you out of the effects of Camouflage.
The Trick Shots buff will no longer be applied to a Hunter below character level 50.



 Priest Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Shadow

The Vestments of Blind Absolution 2-piece set bonus now properly benefits Shadow Word: Void and is consumed when you cast Shadow Word: Void.




Dungeons and Raids

The Nighthold

Gul’dan

Soul Siphon no longer absorbs an excessively high amount.


The Oculus

Ley-Guardian Eregos’s Arcane Barrage and Greater Ley-Whelp’s Arcane Bolt should no longer deal excessive damage to players on drakes.

Well of Eternity

Fixed a bug preventing players from interacting with the Portal Energy Focus in some circumstances.



Player versus Player

Horde and Alliance Bounty Bags from players who are 'Bounty Hunted' and then killed are now lootable by up to 5 players was 1 player.
Isle of Conquest

Keep Cannons now deal significantly reduced damage to vehicles.
Siege Engines are now immune to all snares and roots.
Health of Glaive Throwers and Demolishers increased.
Damage and siege damage of Airship Cannons significantly increased.
When any gate is destroyed, the corresponding faction loses 50 Reinforcements.



Professions

Leatherworking

Namha Moonwater should once again teach the two legendary Leatherworking recipes.



Quests

Highly Explosive Yaungol Oil again deals an appropriate amount of damage on "The Enemy of My Enemy... Is Still My Enemy!"


Transmogrification

Legion Season 3 and 4 Combatant Ensembles now have the required level of 110 and the correct expansion requirement, allowing you to transmog to the appearances at level 98.


User Interface

Fixed a bug that was preventing some Bonus Objectives from correctly displaying on the world map.