chaud2019-01-24, 12:28 PMPatch 8.1.5 PTR - Build 29141 VO
There are some interesting lines in the latest VO. You can hear all of the Xal'atath lines in the initial Patch 8.1.5 VO 


  

Sylvanas
Xal'atath ,_Blade_of_the_Black_Empire, a fascinating weapon. I have heard tales of its exploits.
A pit it now lies dormant. But anything that slumbers can be awakened. 
This blade is more than a mere dagger, it is a torch that shall light our path forward.
Soon I will call upon you again champion, and together we will steer the Horde towards its destiny. 

War is a living thing. It writhes, it grows, twisting and turning until its final form is revealed.
This war is about to shift yet again, and it will be this blade that guides our way forward.

Andiun
When Sylvanas Windrunner became Warchief, I knew we would not be friends...but I didn't want us to be enemies. 
Then came the massacre in Arathi and the burning of Teldrassil. 
It's clear she does not fight for Azeroth, she doesn't even fight for the Horde. She wages war upon life itself.
We are so close to ending this conflict and forging a lasting peace, but if Sylvanas uncovers some new weapon that allows her to keep fighting...
No, we must discover what she's after and stop whatever madness she seeks to unleash upon us. 

Another Old God awakened. This does not bode well. 
Our world suffers much as it is. The Wound in Silithus, the war.
The Alliance stands on the brink of victory, of ending this conflict and bringing peace to Azeroth.
Sylvanas sent her champions into that shrine for a reason, she must have discovered something that can shift the war back in her favor. 
Whatever that might be, she must not succeed. Be ready for me to call on you again champion, we will stop Sylvanas...once and for all.

MOTHER
Presence of Speaker indicates imminent threat to Azeroth. 
Error. Uldir facility designed for Old God experimentation and containment. Planetary rehabilitation not within operational parameters. 
Recommendation: Relocate MOTHER unit to Chamber of Heart facility.
Waygate activation advised. Destination coordinates encoded within Heart of Azeroth.
Welcome back champion, facility contamination levels minimal since successful purge of specimen G'huun.
Extermination of all contaminated specimens recommended. 

Brother Pike
All my life, I've witnessed the duality of the sea. It is both a source of life...and a force of destruction. 
I became a tidesage to wield the might of the depths for the good of Kul Tiras. To learn of the great darkness lurking beneath us all this time...
The Old God wants us fractured, divided. I fear this war has given N'Zoth  exactly what he wants.

Xal'atath
Hear me God of the Deep, I have brought you the Opener. The bringer of Truths. The Torch that lights the way.
Honor our bargain, free me to find my own fate. 
A fair exchange, shadows guide you my old friend.
We will meet again, I am certain of it.

N'Zoth
Go, but the blade must remain to serve my will.
I have dreamed your destiny mortal.
The hour is close at hand.
That which was sunken shall rise.
All that were sleeping shall be awakened.
Receive my gift and see all truths before you.