chaud2018-08-18, 04:43 AMPatch 8.0.1 Hotfixes - August 17, 2018
Azerite Gear

Substantially lowered the Heart of Azeroth level required to activate the outer ring of Azerite armor obtained from World Quests and Mythic dungeons.


Classes

 Warlock Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Affliction

Deathbolt will now correctly deal increased damage if cast immediately after casting Unstable Affliction.




Creatures and NPCs

Slickspill should be much easier to loot now.


Items

Fixed an issue where 'Bygone Bee' Almanac's cooldown or duration would be affected too much when hitting multiple enemies.


Player versus Player

Sources of Conquest such as the World PvP Call to Arms quests, PvP Island Expeditions, Skirmish, and Battleground queues will award Honor until Battle for Azeroth: Arena Season 1 starts.
Players who currently have Conquest will have the currency converted to Honor once they log in.
Miniaturized Plasma Shield and Personal Space Amplifier engineering belt enchants can no longer be used in Arenas and Rated Battlegrounds.
Fierce Gladiator is once again available to players who have earned the Fierce Gladiator: Legion Season 5 achievement.
The War Mode Air Supply Drops in Tiragarde Sound should no longer fall in unreachable locations.
 Monk Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Brewmaster

Incendiary Brew now adheres to line of sight restrictions.
Double Barrel will no longer stun targets multiple times per Keg Smash cast.




Professions

Cooking

Fixed a bug that prevented Pandaria Banquets from granting the intended skill levels to Pandaria Cooking and Way of the Grill.



Quests

Fixed a bug that caused the miners to not respawn as intended for “A Shot at the Dark Iron”.
Fixed a bug where missions required to unlock hubs on the other continent were expiring quickly.
Riding Macaw is no longer unfriendly to Horde for the world quest "Swab This!".
Hexlord Raal is now reliably present to offer “Pa’ku, Master of Winds”.
“The Lord Admiral's Lament" and "Bloodied Sentinel's Glaive" can now be turned in to Kayla Mills


World

Flight paths unlocked through missions should now reliably appear as valid destinations on the flight map.




Flight Master's Whistle
You can use your Flight Master's Whistle  from Legion in Battle for Azeroth once you unlock world quests. If you didn't have one you will receive one once you unlock world quests.


  


Developer Interview - Faction Identity
Polygon had the opportunity to talk to Steve Danuser Narrative Producer and Ely Cannon Lead Artist. 


What the Horde stands for has changed over time. Is it a group driven by honor and courage or a disparate collection of outcasts that nobody will align themselves with.
Battle for Azeroth is an opportunity to look at both sides that have made up the Horde storylines throughout the years and pull them together.
It may be a chance for the Horde to look inward and become something new and stronger.
Sylvanas and Saurfang are embodying the other aspects of what the Horde was.
To get to the future of the Horde, we have to face the Horde’s past.
The Alliance has its share of disparity and there's going to be a self-examination of what the Alliance is about and how they want to behave.
Does the Alliance want to get revenge on the Horde, or do they want to build a better world?
There is room for what the Alliance and Horde represent to evolve and change and for their relationship to change.
Player's identity is very much tied to their faction and the things they have done for it, so it wouldn't be something the team would take away lightly. 
This expansion focuses on shaping what the factions mean in the world and how they interact with one another.



Blizzard at Gamescom Key Art
Blizzard shared  the key art for Gamescom on Twitter today. They will be there from August 21-25 with multiple streamers and an interview on Thursday, August 23rd at 17:30 CEST with Game Producer Michael Bybee.


  

World of Warcraft streams at gamescom 2018
The world’s biggest game convention is almost upon us! Blizzard will once again be in Cologne from August 21 to 25, showcasing the newest World of Warcraft Expansion: Battle for Azeroth.

Those who can’t make it to gamescom in person will be able to join the excitement thanks to well-known streamers capturing the action directly from the Darkmoon Faire area at our World of Warcraft booth, bringing you live Battle for Azeroth gameplay leveling, dungeons, Island expeditions and more and enjoying chats with the development team on site.


Naguura  

Wednesday, August 22 – 15:00 to 19:30 CEST
Thursday, August 23 – 10:00 to 13:00 CEST
Friday, August 24 – 09:00 to 14:00 CEST
Saturday, August 25 – 14:30 to 19:30 CEST

Kimuh 

Wednesday, August 22 – 15:00 to 19:30 CEST
Thursday, August 23 – 10:00 to 13:00 CEST
Friday, August 24 – 09:00 to 14:00 CEST
Saturday, August 25 – 14:30 to 19:30 CEST

Tonton 

Wednesday, August 22 – 10:00 to 14:00 CEST
Thursday, August 23 – 15:00 to 19:30 CEST
Friday, August 24 – 14:30 to 19:30 CEST
Saturday, August 25 – 09:00 to 14:00 CEST

Phoebina 

Thursday, August 23 – 15:00 to 19:30 CEST
Saturday, August 25 – 09:00 to 14:00 CEST

Chronosh 

Wednesday, August 22 – 15:00 to 19:30 CEST
Friday, August 24 – 14:30 to 19:30 CEST



Let’s play together with a WoW Developer
On Thursday, August 23rd at 17:30 CEST Senior Game Producer Michael Bybee will join Tonton live on stream, where they will talk all things Battle for Azeroth as well as playing through some of the newest content. In addition, there will be a short Q&A live on stream.

If you like to ask Michael a question, you can submit yours in English, German or French until Sunday, August 19th on Twitter using the hashtag #WoWgcQA.


Dark Iron Dwarf and Mag'har Orc Crests
The Battle for Azeroth website was updated with crests for Mag'har  and Dark Iron Dwarf  These races can be done by reaching Exalted with The Honorbound / 7th Legion and completing your War Campaign. 


    


New Blizzard Gear
New Blizzard Gear  is now available in the official Blizzard Store! New items include Battle for Azeroth mouse pads, shirts, and baby carriers.


  


Arena World Championship
Announcing the 2018 Arena World Championship Fall Season
As conflict burns in the Battle for Azeroth, the power of the greatest Horde and Alliance heroes ignites. If you think you have what it takes to prove your PvP skills are among the best in the world, signups are now open for the first Cup of the Fall Season of the 2018 Arena World Championship AWC.


<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

The Arena World Championship is a 3v3 tournament that takes place in the iconic battlegrounds of Azeroth. In this Fall Season, we are introducing Mugambala and Hook Point, two asymmetrical arenas which were released in the Battle for Azeroth expansion.


    


Mugambala is set in Zandalar, a region that was once a part of ancient Kalimdor and the birthplace of troll civilization. This arena features an upper level, and a lower level with a large pillar in the middle.

Hook Point is an area in Boralus, where only the bravest battle for the right to call themselves true Kul Tirans! It features four pillars for players to dance around—one with a shark hanging from it—and two smaller pillars.

This season, there are six Cups up for grabs—three in North American and three in Europe—each with a prize pool of $10,000 and an increased amount of AWC points on offer, more than any season this year!

No Arena ranking is required for teams of three to four people to sign up. Once you are deemed eligible to compete, you will have access to the Tournament Realm, where you and your teammates will have the ability to create whatever class, talent, and gear combinations you see fit, to practice taking down all who oppose you! If you think you have what it takes, sign up here , and check out the table below for the cutoff times for each of the Fall Season Cups.

Remember, the top three point-earners of the year from North America and Europe will earn a spot at the Arena World Championship Global Finals at BlizzCon, where they will fight on the biggest WoW esports stage of the year for their share of the $280,000 prize pool.

If you’re coming back to World of Warcraft for Battle for Azeroth and want to see how the pros handle the new PvP talent system, join us! The Top 8 from each Cup in North America and Europe will be broadcast live on Twitch  Watch as the greatest heroes from across North America and Europe adapt to the changes—it might give you some tips and tricks for your own Arena adventures!

AWC Fall Season Schedule


<div class="gallery" id="gallery-WOWIGC">  </div>

Check out the Warcraft Esports site  for current standings, the global broadcast schedule, and the latest news about AWC, and follow @Warcraft  for all things Battle for Azeroth!