Stoy2019-07-13, 01:41 PMPatch 8.2 Hotfixes - July 12th, 2019
Dungeons and Raids

Azshara’s Eternal Palace

Blackwater Behemoth

The Oxygen-Rich Membrane buff acquired before fighting Blackwater Behemoth now persists through death as intended.
Some marine life necessary for the Blackwater Behemoth achievement Intro to Marine Biology were stubborn and did not want to be collected. They are now interactable!

Queen Azshara

Fixed a bug that sometimes caused players to get damaged by Arcane Burst  through line of sight in Heroic difficulty.
Fixed a bug that prevented players who jumped when Stay!  was cast on them from abiding to the decree in Heroic difficulty.


Operation: Mechagon

K.U.-J.O.

Venting Flames , Furnace Flames , and Noxious Stench  now ignore line of sight caused by objects other than dropped Junk Cubes.


Mythic Keystone Dungeons

Affix: Beguiling 

Void-Touched Emissary  no longer gains a stacking Shadow damage dealt buff.
Players hit by Queen's Decree: Hide  now take a 12 second duration stacking Shadow damage taken debuff.



The UI for Essences earned in Mythic Keystone Dungeons now state that the dungeon needs to be completed in time.



Heroic Warfronts

Fixed a bug where players would receive 340 item level gear; the Azerite reward still remains for end-of-match.


Items

Blingtron 7000  models have been upgraded to more reliably defeat their model 6000 counterparts.
Oxidized Refuse Remover  now deals 200% increased damage.
Weapons imbued with Enchant Weapon - Naga Hide  no longer proc off absorbed damage.
Budding Deepcoral  no longer prevents underwater swimming mounts from swimming quickly while in Nazjatar.
Heart of Azeroth

The Well of Existence  Essence now floats near you while airborne on a flying mount and no longer interferes with having a Battle Pet active.
The cost of the Rank 3 Essences available from the Rustbolt Quartermaster has been reduced to 15 Galvanic Oscillators  was 25 Galvanic Oscillators  for the first Essence. Subsequent Rank 3 Essences now cost 6 Galvanic Oscillators  was 15 Galvanic Oscillators 



Player versus Player

Arena

Resolved an issue with The Robodrome's Zap spell which could target players who were not staying in the starting area after the Arena match began.

Items

Vision of Demise  now shares a cooldown with other on-use trinkets.



Quests

"The Eternal Palace: We Can Make It Stronger... " no longer removes extra Eternal Ornaments 
Abandoning and reaccepting “Pack Your Bags ” no longer prevents players from collecting items necessary for the quest.