chaud2018-12-12, 03:28 AMPatch 8.1 Hotfixes - December 11, 2018
Here you'll find a list of hotfixes that address various issues related to World of Warcraft: Battle For Azeroth. Some of the hotfixes below take effect the moment they were implemented, while others may require scheduled realm restarts to go into effect. Please keep in mind that some issues cannot be addressed without a client-side patch update. This list will be updated as additional hotfixes are applied.

Classes

 Hunter Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Beast Mastery

Fixed a bug with Spirit Mend  that caused it to heal for less than intended.




Dungeons and Raids

Uldir

Zul, Reborn

Zul's health has been reduced by 5% on Mythic difficulty.
Developers’ note: Tides of Vengeance removed the Subtlety Rogue passive Shuriken Combo, which was a core part of many guilds’ strategy on this fight. We’re reducing Zul’s health to avoid the update increasing the difficulty of the fight for guilds that were relying on Shuriken Combo.




Items

Heart of Azeroth

Synaptic Spark Capacitor  damage decreased 32%.



Professions

Fixed a bug that allowed some Battle For Azeroth crafted gear to be worn by player characters who no longer had the crafting skill to create it.
Cooking

Battle for Azeroth flasks and feasts now increase the primary stat for tanks was Stamina.
Cooks can now learn and serve new Stamina foods.



Player versus Player

 Rogue Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Snake Eyes  Azerite Trait is reduced by 30% when engaged in combat with enemy players.


 Shaman Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Pack Spirit  Azerite Trait is reduced by 80% when engaged in combat with enemy players was a 50% reduction.


The following Azerite Traits are reduced to 50% effectiveness when engaged in combat with enemy players:

 Death Knight - Magus of the Dead 
 Demon Hunter - Revel in Pain 
 Druid - Masterful Instincts , Arcanic Pulsar , Lively Spirit 
 Hunter - Dire Consequences , Surging Shots 
 Mage - Arcane Pummeling , Flash Freeze , Blaster Master , WildFire 
 Monk - Glory of the Dawn 
 Paladin - Avenger's Might , Light's Decree , Righteous Conviction 
 Priest - Whispers of the Damned
 Rogue - Nothing Personal 
 Shaman - Lava Shock 
 Warlock - Dreadful Calling , Baleful Invocation 
 Warrior - Intimidating Presence , Crushing Assault , Bastion of Might 



Quests

Fixed a bug where enemies required for “Black Moon Rising” weren’t providing quest credit when killed.