chaud2019-01-16, 07:20 PMArriving This Fall—Four New Collectible Blizzard Books
We’re pleased to announce four new books coming to stores this fall. Whether you’re into Hearthstone, Diablo, or World of Warcraft or all the above, there’s something special waiting for you within the pages of these collectible volumes.

The Art of Hearthstone: Year of the Kraken
Something stirs in the dark . . . 

The second volume of The Art of Hearthstone dives deep into the Year of the Kraken, the first year of Hearthstone’s standard format. Enjoy 144 pages consisting of hundreds of illustrations from the corruptive cults of Whispers of the Old Gods, the glamourous disco of One Night in Karazhan, and the turf wars of Means Streets of Gadgetzan. Year of the Kraken goes into detail on the Hearthstone team’s artistic process for card art, game boards, and other visual designs, while also exploring the challenges and triumphs of creating a game enjoyed by millions of players around the globe.

Purchase the first volume today on the Blizzard Gear Store https://gear.blizzard.com/us/games/hearthstone/art-of-hearthstone?blzcmp=blizzard-news or at your favorite local bookstore.

The Art of Diablo
For more than 20 years, the artists behind Diablo have conjured new visions of the High Heavens and the Burning Hells, built nightmarish corridors filled with monsters and demons, and unleashed swarms of malevolent creatures upon players worldwide. The Art of Diablo plunges into the concept, design, and environmental art that has defined the world of Sanctuary and the Eternal Conflict at the core of the Diablo series.

The Cinematic Art of World of Warcraft
The drums of war thunder once again . . .

Over the course of World of Warcraft’s 15-year history, each new chapter in the game’s story has been bolstered through an array of epic cinematics; The Cinematic Art of World of Warcraft goes behind the scenes with the team who built these movies. With never-before-seen concept art and accounts of the creative and technical process, this is the definitive visual gallery of how countless artists helped bring the world of Azeroth to life in incredible detail and motion.

World of Warcraft Pop-Up Book
Choose your faction, pick your weapon, and prepare for an astonishing vision of the world of Azeroth like you’ve never seen before!

Built by best-selling paper engineer Matthew Reinhart, the World of Warcraft Pop-Up Book brings the beloved locations of Warcraft to life, from the classic faction hubs of Orgrimmar and Stormwind, to the battle-scarred lands of Lordaeron and Teldrassil, and even the new capital cities of Kul Tiras and Zandalar!

Each page unfolds into an eye-popping treat, depicting iconic sites with brand-new art and interactive pieces.

Keep an eye on your local booksellers or online shops for when pre-sales go live.