chaud2018-09-08, 01:28 AMPvP Hotfixes 9/7
We have the following PvP hotfixes to Arms Warriors and Beast Mastery Hunters currently in test, and will be applied to live servers shortly:

 Warrior Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Deep Wounds  damage dealt to enemy players reduced by 25%
Sharpen Blade  increases Mortal Strike damage by 15%, down from 30%.
Lord of War  Azerite Trait effectiveness reduced by 40% when engaged in combat with enemy players.
Executioner's Precision  Azerite Trait effectiveness reduced by 35% when engaged in combat with enemy players.
Test of Might  Azerite Trait effectiveness reduced by 30% when engaged in combat with enemy players.


 Hunter Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Dire Beast: Basilisk  now has a 60 Focus cost.
Dire Beast: Basilisk  damage reduced by 30%.
Hunter  Pet Basic Attack damage Smack, Bite, and Claw reduced by 30%.
Aspect of the Beast  increases the damage of your pets by 20%, down from 30%.
Bestial Wrath  increases the damage of you and your pet by 20%, down from 25%.




Patch 8.0.1 Hotfixes - September 7, 2018
Classes

 Death Knight Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Unholy

Pestilent Pustules should now correctly trigger Runic Corruption Festering Wounds burst on enemy death.



 Druid Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

The heal over time from Tranquility is no longer shared between multiple Druids.


 Mage Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Multiple Arcane mages Blinking in close proximity should no longer interfere with each other's use of Displacement.


 Paladin Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Hand of the Protector and Light of the Protector's healing bonus is no longer incorrectly affected by group size in some content.


 Shaman Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Elemental

Regalia of the Skybreaker 2-piece bonus duration reduced to 1 second was 3 seconds.
Regalia of the Skybreaker 4-piece bonus reduced to 5% increased Flame Shock damage was 40%, and Critical Strike bonus chance reduced to 20% was 100%.




Dungeons and Raids

Freehold

Ludwig Von Tortollan's shell bounce damage has increased.

The MOTHERLODE!

Lowered the Enemy Forces requirement for Mythic Keystone completion by 10%.

Uldir

Fetid Devourer

Terrible Thrash damage should now be consistent based on raid size.

Zek’voz

Orb of Corruption can no longer damage players after Zek’voz has been defeated.

G’huun

Corrected an issue that prevented Ahead of the Curve: G'huun  from being properly awarded.
Gibbering Horrors now have less health on Heroic Difficulty.
Reduced the damage of Malignant Growth and increased the time between waves of Malignant Growth on Heroic Difficulty.
Exploding Corruption now targets 1 player was 3 on Heroic Difficulty.


Siege of Boralus

Horde players who have not unlocked the dungeon should not receive a Seige of Boralus Keystone.

Waycrest Manor

Increased the Enemy Forces contribution for Mythic Keystone completion from Heartsbane Runeweaver and Soulcharmer creatures by 50%.
Fixed a bug where the Heartsbane Vinetwister wasn't counting towards Enemy Forces for Mythic Keystone completion.



Items

Players who received Khor, Hammer of the Guardian  before it was hotfixed to an item level befitting a transmog item have had their powerful version restored.
Disc of Systematic Regression  should now hit large targets when you are in normal melee range with them.
Heart of Azeroth

Ace Up Your Sleeve  Rogue damage significantly increased.
Blade in the Shadows  Rogue damage provided slightly reduced.
Indomitable Justice  Paladin damage increased.
Night's Vengeance  Rogue damage increased against non-player targets.
Relentless Inquisitor  Paladin now persists for 12 seconds was 10 seconds.
Sudden Onset  Warlock damage significantly increased.
Thunderous Blast  no longer starts with 1 stack of its own buff after delivering its guaranteed critical hit.
Zealotry  Paladin damage increased.



Missions

Fixed a bug that was preventing some Champions from properly providing their bonuses when on Missions with Allied Race Troops.


Mounts

The Alabaster Hyena should now show up for Horde alts as well as be able to be set as a Favorite Mount.
The Mecha-Mogul Mk II should now show up in your mount journal once learned.


Player versus Player

Fixed a bug that caused Random Epic Battlegrounds to provide incorrect rewards.
Healer mana regen reduced by 30% when engaged in combat with enemy players.
 Druid Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Balance

Streaking Stars  Azerite Trait damage reduced by 50% when engaged in combat with enemy players.



 Mage Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Arcane

Arcane Pressure  Azerite Trait effectiveness reduced by 50% when engaged in combat with enemy players.
Galvanizing Spark  Azerite Trait effectiveness reduced by 25% when engaged in combat with enemy players.
Incanter's flow  increases damage by up to 15% when engaged in combat with enemy players was 20%.
Mana Shield  now drains 150% of damage taken as mana when damaged by enemy players and pets was 50%.
Overpowered  causes Arcane Power to increase damage by 40% when engaged in combat with enemy players was 60%.
Rune of Power  increases spell damage by 30% when engaged in combat with enemy players was 40%.

Frost

Glacial Spike  damage reduced by 20% when attacking enemy players.
Concentrated Coolness PvP Talent increases Frozen Orb damage by 10% was 30%.



 Monk Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Windwalker

Meridian Strikes  Azerite Trait effectiveness reduced by 60% when when engaged in combat with enemy players.



 Rogue Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Sharpened Blades  Azerite Trait effectiveness reduced by 65% when when engaged in combat with enemy players.
Outlaw

Deadshot  Azerite Trait effectiveness reduced by 45% when engaged in combat with enemy players.
Turn the Tables  increases damage by 10% was 15%.
Dispatch  damage reduced by 15% when engaged in combat with enemy players.
Killing Spree  damage reduced by 20% when engaged in combat with enemy players.
Between the Eyes  damage reduced by 20% when engaged in combat with enemy players.

Subtlety

Eviscerate  damage reduced by 15% when engaged in combat with enemy players.
Phantom Assassin  PvP Talent increases critical strike by 10% was 35%.
Shadowstrike  damage reduced by 10% when engaged in combat with enemy players.




Professions

Archaeology

Arathi Highlands archaeology digsites are not available for players who are in the Warfront version of the zone. Speak to Zidormi to time travel to the previous version of Arathi Highlands.

Alchemy

Battle for Azeroth alchemy potions are now correctly classified as potions when searched on the Auction House.

Inscription

Fixed a bug that prevented Uldir Vantus Runes from functioning as expected.



Quests

"Confrontation at the Black Temple" can once again be completed.


World Quests

Fixed a bug causing Crimson Gnarlvine to go missing on "Kiro's Desert Flower".
Fixed a bug that improperly prevented completion of some World Quests while the player was dead.