chaud2018-07-21, 12:13 AMPatch 8.0.1 Hotfixes - July 20, 2018
Classes

 Monk Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / Artifact Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

The Earth and Fire clone from Storm, Earth, and Fire should correctly mimic Rushing Jade Wind, regardless of the player’s target.

 Paladin Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / Artifact Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Protection

Fixed a bug preventing the Light’s Vanguard Battleplate 4-piece bonus from activating and deactivating as intended.
Fixed an issue where Consecration  occasionally failed to provide its self-buff.



 Rogue Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / Artifact Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Assassination

Fixed a bug where Blindside  was not learnable until level 40.



 Warlock Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / Artifact Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Demonology

The Command Demon version of Spell Lock can no longer be cast without a target.
Demonic Calling  can now correctly be activated by casting Demonbolt.




Character Services

Characters at level 110 and above may now move up to 1,000,000 gold when performing a Character Transfer.


Creatures and NPCs

Fixed a visual bug that caused some characters to lose the tops of their heads.


Dungeons and Raids

The health and damage of all enemies in Emerald Nightmare, Trial of Valor, The Nighthold, and Tomb of Sargeras has been significantly reduced.
The experience awarded on completion of a random dungeon has been increased.
Antorus, the Burning Throne

Fixed a bug preventing Death’s Advance from functioning correctly in certain encounter situations, such as Aggramar’s Flame Rend.

Eye of Azshara

Damage dealt by Lightning Strike, Warlord Parjesh’s Crashing Wave, and Quicksand have been significantly reduced.

The Nexus

Chaotic Energy Bursts from Chaotic Rifts no longer inflict excessive damage.

Obsidian Sanctum

Sartharion’s Large Satchel of Spoils should again contain loot.

Return to Karazhan

Mana Confluences’ Ablative Shield should no longer absorb an excessive amount of damage.

Utgarde Keep

Dragonflayer Runecaster’s Bolthorn's Rune of Flame now deals less damage.



Items

Darkmoon Deck: Promises  no longer reduces some non-mana resources.
Fixed a bug that prevented banners from granting expected honor, experience, and reputation bonuses.
Fishing Chair  and Nat's Fishing Chair  have been temporarily converted into objects that are not chairs, while a bug with their functionality is fixed. They will return to their former function in a future patch.


Player versus Player

Adjusted PvP scaling to reduce the difference in power and damage between players of different item levels at level 110.
Fixed a bug preventing some players from obtaining Honorable Medallion  while PvP-enabled.


Professions

Fishing

Fixed a bug that caused the wrong sound when casting.



Quests

Fixed a bug with the reputation bonus on completion of "Death to Agogridon ". If you previously completed the quest, speak to Karnum Marshweaver in Desolace to receive your reward.
The talking quest NPC should no longer appear for players who are nearby, but are not the Hunter on “Never Hunt Alone”.
Players should again be able to complete “All Charged Up”.
Fixed a bug with the conversation required for “Secrets of Wrymskull Uncovered”, allowing completion of “The Echo of Ymiron”.
Low-level players are now able to do appropriate damage to the Devilsaur Queen during "The Ballad of Maximillian”.
“Pitching In” can again be completed.


World

It is again possible to earn credit toward "Field Photographer " when using the S.E.L.F.I.E. cam anywhere within the Path of Uther.
Alliance characters can again complete "Uther's Blessing " by approaching Uther's statue.




Legion Companion App Fix
It looks like the Legion Companion App character swap  change may not be intended. 


  


PvP Disqualification Policy Update
As part of our continued efforts to combat cheating and unfair play in World of Warcraft, we’ve recently made a change to our policies regarding PvP disqualifications.

As of the Battle for Azeroth Pre-Patch, any player who is found to have engaged in unfair practices that result in their disqualification from end-of-season PvP rewards will also have their ability to queue for rated PvP matches immediately revoked. This restriction will continue through the remainder of the season in which they were disqualified, which includes the current “Post-Season” available until Battle for Azeroth launches.

This change is intended to minimize the impact that disqualified players have on those who are playing legitimately while the PvP season continues, and is just one aspect of our ongoing commitment to upholding the competitive integrity of World of Warcraft PvP.