chaud2018-08-13, 03:53 AMHeart of Azeroth Preview - Battle for Azeroth
In Battle for Azeroth, our Artifact Weapons will be retired and a new Artifact system will come in the form of the Heart of Azeroth , an artifact quality neck piece that builds on and evolves Legion's Artifact Power and Netherlight Crucible systems. The line in the sand has been drawn, and the Horde and Alliance are at each other's throats. Because of this, they fail to notice the world around them is dying. Magni Bronzebeard , speaker for Azeroth's slumbering titan, gives player characters a gift from Azeroth herself in the form of this artifact neck piece.


 


The Basics

The Heart of Azeroth  will be a neck slot artifact that is used for all of Battle for Azeroth. 
The Heart of Azeroth requires Azerite to empower it. Gaining enough Azerite eventually levels up the artifact and unlocks up to four tiers of traits on your head, shoulders, and chest items depending on the item level of the item. 
Each tier has options that either empower spells/abilities, grants temporary buffs, or survivability traits. You can choose a single option from each tier as you unlock them.
Empowering your Heart of Azeroth will also increase its item level.
The traits offered are class specific and not spec specific. To clarify, the choice of options give you one option from each of your specs along with one option that works for all specs.
Blizzard has stated that higher item level gear will have better options. As it stands from beta, there is only a handful of options for each spec and they are repeated among different gear sources.
You can undo and reselect your traits from Azerite Reforgers in Boralus 'alor  for a certain amount of gold that increases the more times you utilize it. This cost has a few day cooldown, reducing the cost by 50%, similar to the old talent respec costs.



 


Acquiring the Heart of Azeroth
Soon after the Battle for Lordaeron Scenario you will be directed to meet with Magni Bronzebeard in Silithus. He gives you the quest [The Heart of Azeroth  in which you do a short scenario to stabilize the wound in the planet. Completing this will reward you with Heart of Azeroth !


  



In Depth Look
Let's break this system down a bit further. The Heart of Azeroth is directly connected to your head, shoulders, and chest item slots. Each of these items have tiers that you can progressively unlock when your Heart of Azeroth receives enough Azerite and ranks up. 


The outer tier is the first to unlock and presents a choice between 4 traits to empower your character. Three of these are spec specific and one is based on where the item came from. These are the most important abilities and are unlocked first.
Items from time gated sources will have the middle band and present you with 3 set of traits to choose from. These options are more role specific. 
Next, the inner band can be unlocked to present you with another 2 choices. These usually give you a choice between two different survivability options such as a shield or heal on hit.
Finally, the innermost ability will be unlocked. This is a single option that gives a 5 item level increase to the gear in the item slot.
Each item has a certain Heart of Azeroth level required to unlock the trait ring depending on the item level of the item and slot.



        


The team wants to make sure that this system improves upon our current artifact progression system and lessens the amount of RNG involved. Here are some ways that this new system address these concerns:


The Heart of Azeroth is utilized between all of your character's different specializations and so each spec does not need to be leveled up individually. However, as stated above, the choices presented on the empowered item slots are class specific and not spec specific and are locked when chosen. Players will most likely need to have separate pieces of the same item slot for each spec to prevent crazy gold costs, but no additional Azerite will be needed between specs.
Head, shoulder, and chest items cannot Warforge or Titanforge.
The abilities that each piece of gear contains is the same for all pieces of the same name. Higher item level pieces will have a better selection of traits, but they can all be seen in the Dungeon Loot Journal and are chosen by the design team when creating the item. There is no RNG involved.
Abilities on each band will be paired with other abilities of the same type. For instance, one band will give you an option between different utility traits while another will ask you to choose one from a group of offensive traits.
You do not lose any Azerite when upgrading an item.



Gaining Azerite
Azerite is the lifeblood of the planet. Because of this, both factions are very interested in acquiring as much of it as possible. Much like Artifact Power, Azerite is gained by doing a multitude of different activities within the game.


Nodes
Chests
Creatures
Quests
Bosses - Normal/Heroic/Mythic dungeons grant Azerite for bosses and daily first dungeon quests.
Island Expeditions - Weekly quest , occasional rare quest, and some for each win, with an increasing amount per difficulty. 
Warfronts - Wins, World Quests when you own the zone, and more.
PvP - Battlegrounds, War Mode rewards, brawls, and more.



      


Acquiring Azerite Armor
You can acquire Azerite Armor from normal methods with no lockout mechanics including world quests and normal dungeons only up to item level 340. Azerite Armor that is item level 340 or above can only come from sources that have lockouts to prevent farming it excessively. Azerite Armor is not tradeable in any fashion, even if you have a higher item level in that slot.


Only the final boss of each dungeon drops Azerite Armor on Mythic difficulty and below. You cannot receive Azerite Armor from the chest at the end of a Mythic+ run.
Specific raid bosses and world bosses drop Azerite Armor.
Your emissary cache can reward a piece of Azerite Armor. The cache will say "Azerite Armor Cache" if it rewards a piece of gear.
Your Mythic+ weekly chest can contain Azerite Armor.
You can purchase item level 355 Azerite Armor upon reaching exalted with Champions of Azeroth 


  


Catch up Mechanics
Similar to Artifact Knowledge in Legion, the Heart of Azeroth will help players keep up with the ever-increasing power curve. Over time, the amount of Azerite required to level the Heart will decrease, allowing players the ability to catch up if they’ve fallen behind. The system should help give you a leg up if you need one, but you’ll still need to put forth an effort to keep your Heart of Azeroth’s powers growing.


Heart of Azeroth Item Level Rewards
As you gain new ranks of reputation with the Champions of Azeroth you will receive quests that upgrade the item level of your Heart of Azeroth !


Friendly - You will receive To Save Azeroth  A or To Save Azeroth  H. Turning this in will follow up with The Heart's Power  which grants 15 item levels to your Heart of Azeroth 
Honored - You will receive Unlocking the Heart's Potential  which gives another 15 item levels to your Heart of Azeroth !
Revered - You will receive The Chamber of Heart  which grants another 15 item levels to your Heart of Azeroth !



Azerite Powers
Outer Band - Azerite Powers
The outer band of a piece of azerite armor offers a choice between 4 different powers. One of the traits is a generic buff usable by all specs while each of the other three 4 for druid choices are based on each spec of your class. The generic power is based on the location, reputation vendor, dungeon, or professions from where you obtained the item. There is also a variety of unique generic powers found on gear earned from pvp/warfronts.

Generic Location Based Powers

Tiragarde Sound

Dagger in the Back  - Your damaging spells and abilities have a chance to fling a dagger at your target, causing them to bleed for 124 Physical damage over 12 sec, stacking up to 4 times. Stabbing them in the back applies 2 stacks.
Meticulous Scheming  - Your spells and abilities have a chance to grant you Meticulous Scheming for 8 sec, which transforms into Seize the Moment! after you cast 3 different spells, granting you 224 Haste for 20 sec.
Tradewinds  - Your spells and abilities have a chance to grant you 0 Mastery for 15 sec. When this effect expires it jumps once to a nearby ally, granting them 0 Mastery for 8 sec.

Drustvar

Blightborne Infusion  - Your spells and abilities have a chance to draw a Wandering Soul from Thros to serve you for 14 sec. The Soul increases your Critical Strike by 0.
Ruinous Bolt  - Your spells and abilities have a chance to draw a Wandering Soul from Thros to serve you for 14 sec. The Soul blasts a nearby enemy every 2 sec, dealing 148 Shadow damage.

Stormsong Valley

Secrets of the Deep  - Your spells and abilities have a chance to create a Surging Droplet nearby. Collecting it increases your primary stat by 145 for 18 sec. Rarely, a Void Droplet will be created, increasing your primary stat by 285 for 18 sec instead.
Tidal Surge  - Your damaging spells and abilities have a chance to release a tidal surge, dealing 301 Frost damage to your target and slowing their movement speed by 20% for 6 sec.

Zuldazar

Incite the Pack  - You occasionally loose a tremendous roar, increasing your Mastery by 227 and granting 53 Mastery to up to 2 nearby allies. Lasts 20 sec.
Rezan's Fury  - Your damaging abilities have a chance to call a Child of Rezan to viciously rend your target, dealing 251 Physical damage and causing them to bleed for 504 damage over 12 sec.

Nazmir

Blood Rite  - Your spells and abilities have a chance to increase your Haste by 0 for 15 sec. Killing an enemy refreshes the duration of this effect.
Filthy Transfusion  - Your damaging abilities have a chance to invoke a tainted swamp beneath the target, siphoning 658 health from them over 6 sec.

Vol'dun

Swirling Sands  - Your spells and abilities have a chance to conjure Swirling Sands, increasing your Critical Strike by 0 for 12 sec. Your critical effects extend Swirling Sands by 1 sec, up to a maximum duration of 18 sec.
Thunderous Blast  - Dealing damage has a chance to call down a Thunderous Blast, dealing 151 Nature damage to the enemy and increasing the damage of Thunderous Blast by 20%. At 100% increased damage, Thunderous Blast will critically hit and reset this effect.

The MOTHERLODE Dungeon

Unstable Catalyst  - Your spells and abilities have a chance to leak Azerite on the ground around you. Standing in the Azerite increases your primary stat by 195 for 8 sec.



Generic Reputation Powers

Champions of Azeroth Reputation Azerite Armor

Champion of Azeroth  - Your spells and abilities have a chance to increase all secondary stats by 10 for 60 sec, stacking up to 4 times.



Generic PvP/Warfront Powers

Anduin's Dedication  / Sylvanas' Resolve  - Your abilities have a chance to increase your primary stat by 395 for 10 sec. If an ally dies nearby, you gain this effect.
Stronger Together  / Combined Might  - Your abilities have a chance to plant a factional banner for 6 sec, empowering yourself and up to 4 allies with the spirit of your faction.
Battlefield Precision  / Battlefield Focus  - Your abilities have a chance to apply 20 stacks of Battlefield Focus to an enemy, increasing damage taken from members of the opposite faction by 95. Applying Battlefield Focus to a member of your faction grants an additional 5 stacks.
Stand As One  / Collective Will  - Your abilities have a chance to drop your faction Banner for 6 sec, increasing primary stat by 145 and maximum health by 2,849 for yourself and up to 4 allies.
Liberator's Might  / Glory in Battle  - Your spells and abilities have a chance to grant 0 Critical Strike and 0 Haste for 10 sec. Attacking a member of the opposite faction significantly increases this chance.
Last Gift  / Retaliatory Fury  - Your spells and abilities have a chance to grant 321 Mastery and absorb 1,122 damage for 10 sec. Attacking a member of the opposite faction is more likely to activate this effect.


Generic Engineering Azerite Powers

Auto-Self-Cauterizer  - Taking damage has a chance to unleash your Auto-Self-Cauterizer, healing you for 1,276, removing most* bleed effects, and snaring nearby enemies by 30% for 5 sec. Increases your Kul Tiran or Zandalari Engineering by 30. *Efficacy may vary.
Barrage Of Many Bombs  - Your spells and abilities have a chance to fire a bomb at your target, which when in proximity breaks into 5 smaller bombs. Upon hitting the ground, each smaller bomb deals 93 damage to all nearby enemies. Increases your Kul Tiran or Zandalari Engineering by 25.
Relational Normalization Gizmo  - Your spells and abilities have a chance to grow or shrink the world. Shrinking the world grants you 356 primary stat and 8,708 maximum health for 10 sec. Growing the world grants you 832 Haste and 25% movement speed for 10 sec. Increases your Kul Tiran or Zandalari Engineering by 25.
Ricocheting Inflatable Pyrosaw  - Your spells and abilities have a chance to hurl a R.I.P that bounces among 4 enemies, dealing 280 Fire damage to each. Beneficial spells have a chance to hurl a Mechanized External Needle Dispenser, healing up to 4 allies for 455. Increases your Kul Tiran or Zandalari Engineering by 25.
Personal Absorb-o-Tron  - Taking damage has a chance to call your Personal Absorb-o-Tron, absorbing the next 2,145 damage you take over 60 sec. Increases your Kul Tiran or Zandalari Engineering by 30.
Synaptic Spark Capacitor  - Your spells and abilities have a chance to cause the target to become a Spark Coil for 10 sec. Enemies within 8 yards of the Spark Coil take 141 damage every 2 seconds and deal 5% reduced damage to you. Increases your Kul Tiran or Zandalari Engineering by 25.


Class Powers

 Death Knight Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Blood

Bones of the Damned  - Marrowrend has a chance to grant an extra charge of Bone Shield. Bone Shield increases your Armor by 131.
Bone Spike Graveyard  - Casting Death and Decay/Defile impales enemies with bone spikes, inflicting 48 Physical damage and healing you for 120 per enemy.
Deep Cuts  - Heart Strike amplifies your Blood Plague on your primary target for 15 sec, causing it to drain an additional 20 health each time it drains.
Embrace of the Darkfallen  - When Vampiric Blood expires, your Leech is increased by 0 for 20 sec.
Eternal Rune Weapon  - Dancing Rune Weapon grants you 389 Strength, and each rune spent increases its duration by 0.5 sec, up to a maximum of 5 sec.
Marrowblood  - Death Strike heals for an additional 137 for each remaining charge of Bone Shield.

Frost

Echoing Howl  - When empowered by Rime, Howling Blast causes a secondary burst of icy wind around you that deals 104 Frost damage to nearby enemies.
Frozen Tempest  - Remorseless Winter deals an additional 9 damage. The first time Remorseless Winter deals damage to 3 different enemies, you gain Rime.
Icy Citadel  - When Pillar of Frost expires, your Strength is increased by 404 for 6 sec. This effect lasts 2 sec longer for each Obliterate and Frostscythe critical strike during Pillar of Frost.
Glacial Contagion  - Your autoattacks have a chance to apply Glacial Contagion, dealing 455 Frost damage over 14 sec. Obliterate deals an additional 22 damage to targets infected with Glacial Contagion.
Latent Chill  - Frost Strike deals an additional 467 damage if you have at least 3 empty runes.
Killer Frost  - Frost Strike deals 30 additional damage with each hit and has a 15% chance on critical strikes to grant Killing Machine.

Unholy

Cankerous Wounds  - Festering Strike deals 239 additional damage and has a 10% increased chance of applying 3 Festering Wounds.
Festering Doom  - Death Coil causes your next Festering Strike to deal an additional 148 damage.
Festermight  - Bursting a Festering Wound grants you 38 Strength for 20 sec, stacking. Stacking this effect does not extend its duration.
Harrowing Decay  - Death Coil infects the target with Harrowing Decay, dealing 96 Shadow damage over 4 sec.
Horrid Experimentation  - When Dark Transformation expires, the unholy energy in your ghoul is expelled, dealing 3,209 Shadow damage to all nearby enemies.
Last Surprise  - When your ghouls expire, they explode in viscera dealing 154 Shadow damage to nearby enemies.


 Demon Hunter Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Vengeance

Cycle of Binding  - Afflicting an enemy with a Sigil grants you 10 Agility for 6 sec and reduces the cooldown of your Sigils by 2 sec.
Essence Sever  - Shear/Fracture has a chance to rip Lesser Soul Fragments from up to 4 nearby enemies, dealing 136 Fire damage to each.
Gaping Maw  - Soul Cleave grants you a shield that absorbs 431 damage, increased by up to 100% based on your missing health.
Infernal Armor  - Immolation Aura increases your Armor by 237, and causes melee attackers to take 190 Fire damage.
Revel in Pain  - When Fiery Brand expires on your primary target, you gain a shield that absorbs up to 18,963 damage for 15 sec, based on your damage dealt to them while Fiery Brand was active.
Rigid Carapace  - Demon Spikes increases your Armor by 36 every 1 sec, for 10 sec.

Havoc

Eyes of Rage  - Eye Beam deals an additional 500 damage. Consuming a Soul Fragment reduces the cooldown of Eye Beam by 0.7 sec.
Furious Gaze  - When Eye Beam finishes fully channeling, your Haste is increased by 0 for 8 sec.
Revolving Blades  - Blade Dance deals 140 additional damage, and the cost of your next Blade Dance is reduced by 5 Fury for each enemy struck by the final slash.
Seething Power  - Chaos Strike increases your Agility by 42 for 12 sec. Stacking this effect does not extend its duration.
Thirsting Blades  - Every 1.5 sec, increase the damage of Chaos Strike by 7 and reduce its cost by 1 Fury. This effect stacks.
Unbound Chaos  - Your inner demon slams into nearby enemies at the end of your Fel Rush, dealing 343 Chaos damage.


 Druid Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Balance

Dawning Sun  - Lunar Strike increases the damage of your Solar Wrath by 52 for 8 sec.
High Noon  - Sunfire's radius is increased to 11 yds, and it deals 188 additional damage to its primary target.
Lunar Shrapnel  - Starfall's stars deal an additional 4 damage to nearby enemies when they damage an enemy afflicted by Moonfire.
Power of the Moon  - Moonfire deals 142 additional damage instantly, and has a 5% chance to grant you Lunar Empowerment.
Streaking Stars  - While Celestial Alignment is active, your damaging spells call a Streaking Star, dealing an additional 308 damage when they are not a repeat of the previous ability.
Sunblaze  - Solar Wrath increases the damage of your next Starsurge by 93.

Feral

Blood Mist  - Rake deals 30 additional damage over its duration, and has a chance to grant you Berserk for 6 sec. Cannot occur while Berserk/Incarnation is active.
Gushing Lacerations  - Rip deals 12 additional damage per combo point, and has a 6% chance to award a combo point each time it deals damage.
Iron Jaws  - Ferocious Bite has a 6% chance per combo point to increase the damage of your next Maim by 278 per combo point.
Raking Ferocity  - Rake increases damage of your next Ferocious Bite by 171.
Shredding Fury  - Tiger's Fury increases the damage of your next four Shreds by 146.
Wild Fleshrending  - Shred deals 118 additional damage, and Swipe/Thrash deals 38 additional damage, to enemies suffering from your Thrash.

Guardian

Craggy Bark  - Barkskin reduces melee attacks against you by 52 damage.
Gory Regeneration  - Mangle extends the duration of your active Frenzied Regeneration by 1.0 sec, and Frenzied Regeneration restores an additional 152 health every sec.
Guardian's Wrath  - Maul deals 600 additional damage, and Maul reduces the cost of your next Ironfur by 15 Rage stacking up to 3 times.
Layered Mane  - Ironfur increases your Agility by 70, and has a 10% chance to grant 2 applications.
Masterful Instincts  - Increases your Mastery by 624 and Armor by 356 for 30 sec after Survival Instincts expires.
Twisted Claws  - Thrash's direct damage has a 50% chance to grant you 51 Agility for 12 sec, stacking up to 5 times.

Restoration

Autumn Leaves  - If Rejuvenation is your only heal over time effect on the target, increase the healing of Rejuvenation by 31.
Fungal Essence  - Swiftmend causes your Efflorescence mushroom to burst, healing a nearby injured ally for 624.
Grove Tending  - Swiftmend heals the target for 432 over 9 sec.
Lively Spirit  - When Innervate expires, your Intellect is increased by 85 for each spell the target cast using Innervate. Lasts 20 sec.
Rampant Growth  - Regrowth heals for 84 more over its duration, and its healing over time effect also applies to the target of your Lifebloom.
Waking Dream  - Ysera's Gift now heals every 4 sec, and heals for an additional 24 for each of your active Rejuvenations.


 Hunter Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Beast Mastery

Dance of Death  - Barbed Shot has a chance equal to your critical strike chance to grant you 273 Agility for 8 sec.
Feeding Frenzy  - Barbed Shot deals 300 additional damage over its duration, and Frenzy's duration is increased to 9.0 sec.
Haze of Rage  - Bestial Wrath increases your Agility by 413 for 8 sec.
Pack Alpha  - Your primary pet's Basic Attack deals 34 more damage for each other pet you have active.
Primal Instincts  - Aspect of the Wild increases your Mastery by 0, and grants you a charge of Barbed Shot.
Serrated Jaws  - Kill Command has a 40% chance to deal an additional 183 damage and grant your Pet 5 Focus.

Marksmanship

Arcane Flurry  - Arcane Shot increases the damage of Arcane Shot by 42 for 3 sec, stacking up to 2 times.
Focused Fire  - Rapid Fire deals an additional 227 damage over its duration, and each shot has a 30% chance to generate 2 additional Focus.
In The Rhythm  - When Rapid Fire finishes fully channeling, your Haste is increased by 0 for 8 sec.
Rapid Reload  - Multi-Shots that damage more than 3 targets fire an additional wave of bullets, dealing 40 damage and reducing the cooldown of your Aspects by 1 sec.
Steady Aim  - Steady Shot increases the damage of your next Aimed Shot against the target by 96, stacking up to 5 times.
Unerring Vision  - While Trueshot is active you gain 0 Critical Strike rating every sec, stacking up to 10 times.

Survival

Blur of Talons  - During Coordinated Assault, Raptor Strike/Mongoose Bite increases your Agility by 57 and your Speed by 52 for 6 sec. Stacks up to 5 times.
Latent Poison  - Serpent Sting damage applies Latent Poison, stacking up to 10 times. Your Raptor Strike/Mongoose Bite consumes all applications of Latent Poison to deal 84 Nature damage per stack.
Up Close And Personal  - Harpoon increases the damage of your next Raptor Strike/Mongoose Bite by 222, and reduces its cost by 10 Focus.
Venomous Fangs  - Your pet's Basic Attack deals 94 additional damage to enemies suffering from your Serpent Sting.
Wilderness Survival  - Raptor Strike/Mongoose Bite deals an additional 50 damage and reduces the remaining cooldown of Wildfire Bomb by 1.0 sec.
Wildfire Cluster  - Wildfire Bomb drops a small cluster of bombs around the target, each exploding for 53 damage.


 Mage Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Arcane

Anomalous Impact  - Arcane Missiles deals 7 additional damage for each Arcane Charge you have.
Arcane Pressure  - Arcane Barrage deals an additional 192 damage per Arcane Charge against targets below 20% health.
Arcane Pummeling  - Each wave of Arcane Missiles deals 97 more damage than the previous one.
Brain Storm  - While channeling Evocation, your Intellect is increased by 89 every 1 sec. Lasts 10 sec.
Explosive Echo  - Arcane Explosion deals an additional 48 damage. When it damages at least 3 targets, it has a 10% chance to deal an additional 325 Arcane damage to them.
Galvanizing Spark  - Arcane Blast deals an additional 26 damage and has a 10% chance to generate a second Arcane Charge.

Fire

Blaster Master  - Fire Blast increases your Mastery by 0 for 3 sec.
Duplicative Incineration  - Fireball deals an additional 102 damage, and has a 5% chance to launch a second Fireball.
Firemind  - Consuming Hot Streak grants you 36 Intellect for 12 sec. This effect stacks up to 3 times.
Flames of Alacrity  - Enhanced Pyrotechnics grants an additional 0 Haste.
Preheat  - Scorch increases the damage the target takes from your Fire Blast by 99 for 30 sec.
Trailing Embers  - Pyroblast burns enemies between you and the target for 84 Fire damage over 6 sec.

Frost

Frigid Grasp  - Icy Veins grants you a charge of Fingers of Frost and increases your Intellect by 249 for 10 sec.
Glacial Assault  - Flurry has a 10% chance each strike to call down an icy comet, crashing into your target and nearby enemies for 356 Frost damage.
Packed Ice  - Ice Lance deals an additional 37 damage to enemies recently damaged by your Frozen Orb.
Tunnel of Ice  - Frostbolt increases the damage of Frostbolt by 30, stacking up to 3 times. This effect is reset if you cast Frostbolt at a different enemy.
Whiteout  - Ice Lance deals an additional 29 damage and reduces the cooldown of Frozen Orb by 0.5 sec.
Winter's Reach  - Consuming Brain Freeze has a 30% chance to make your next non-instant Flurry cast within 15 sec deal an additional 537 damage per hit.


 Monk Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Brewmaster

Boiling Brew  - Breath of Fire deals 84 additional damage over its duration, and has a chance to summon a Healing Sphere each time it deals damage.
Elusive Footwork  - Blackout Strike deals an additional 56 damage. Blackout Strike critical hits grant an additional 1 stack of Elusive Brawler.
Fit to Burst  - Drinking Purifying Brew while at Heavy Stagger causes your next 3 melee abilities to heal you for 244.
Niuzao's Blessing  - Expel Harm restores 117 health over 6 sec for each Healing Sphere consumed.
Staggering Strikes  - When you Blackout Strike, your Stagger is reduced by 239.
Training of Niuzao  - Gain up to 0 Mastery based on your current level of Stagger.

Mistweaver

Burst of Life  - When Life Cocoon expires, it releases a burst of mist that restores 1675 health split among the target and nearby allies.
Font of Life  - Your Essence Font's initial heal is increased by 28 and has a chance to reduce the cooldown of Thunder Focus Tea by 1 sec.
Invigorating Brew  - Vivify does an additional 160 healing when empowered by Thunder Focus Tea.
Misty Peaks  - When your Renewing Mists heals an ally, you have a chance to gain 0 Haste for 10 sec.
Overflowing Mists  - Your Enveloping Mists heal the target for 64 each time they take damage.
Uplifted Spirits  - Your Vivify heals for an additional 57. Vivify critical heals reduce the cooldown of your Revival by 1.0 sec.

Windwalker

Iron Fists  - Fists of Fury grants you 0 Critical Strike for 6 sec when it hits at least 4 enemies.
Meridian Strikes  - When you Combo Strike, the cooldown of Touch of Death is reduced by 0.1 sec. Touch of Death deals an additional 2,090 damage.
Open Palm Strikes  - When Fists of Fury deals damage, it has a 5% chance to refund 1 Chi, and it deals 110 additional damage.
Pressure Point  - Tiger Palm's chance to make your next Blackout Kick free is increased to 10% and Tiger Palm deals an additional 129 damage.
Sunrise Technique  - Attacking a target with Rising Sun Kick causes your damaging melee abilities to deal 44 additional Physical damage to that target for 15 sec.
Swift Roundhouse  - Blackout Kick increases the damage of your next Rising Sun Kick by 228, stacking up to 2 times.


 Paladin Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Holy

Breaking Dawn  - Increases the healing done by Light of Dawn by 35 and its range to 40 yards.
Divine Revelations  - Healing an ally with Holy Light while empowered by Infusion of Light refunds 0 mana.
Grace of the Justicar  - Judging a foe heals all allies within 8 yards of that enemy for 65.
Martyr's Breath  - Light of the Martyr has a chance to cause your Blessing of Sacrifice to additionally heal the target for 144. This effect can stack up to 10 times.
Moment of Compassion  - Your Flash of Light heals for an additional 42 when cast on a target affected by your Beacon of Light.
Radiant Incandescence  - Your Holy Shock criticals deal an additional 42 damage, or an additional 66 healing, over 3 sec.

Protection

Bulwark of Light  - Avenger's Shield grants you a shield, absorbing 780 damage for 8 sec.
Dauntless Divinity  - When Guardian of Ancient Kings expires, your Block is increased by 2,332 for 30 sec
Inner Light  - When Shield of the Righteous expires, gain 933 Block and deal 434 Holy damage to all attackers for 4 sec.
Inspiring Vanguard  - Grand Crusader's chance is increased to 20% and it grants you 199 Strength for 8 sec.
Judicious Defense  - Your Judgment critical strikes reduce the damage of the target's melee attacks against you by 160 for 8 sec.
Soaring Shield  - Avenger's Shield now strikes 4 enemies and grants 0 Mastery per enemy struck for 8 sec.

Retribution

Avenger's Might  - While Avenging Wrath is active, your Mastery is increased by 0.
Divine Right  - When Divine Storm damages an enemy who is below 20% health, your Strength is increased by 329 for 10 sec.
Expurgation  - our Blade of Justice critical hits cause the target to burn for an additional 199 Holy damage every 2 sec over 6 sec.
Indomitable Justice  - Judgment deals additional damage when your health percentage exceeds the target's, up to 345 damage.
Relentless Inquisitor  - Spending Holy Power grants you 0 haste for 10 sec per Holy Power spent, stacking up to 20 times.
Zealotry  - Casting Crusader Strike increases the damage of your Crusader Strike by 16 for 20 sec, stacking up to 10 times.


 Priest Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Discipline

Contemptuous Homily  - Penance deals an additional 21 damage and extends your Shadow Word: Pain/Purge the Wicked by 1 sec per bolt.
Depth of the Shadows  - Each time Shadow Word: Pain/Purge the Wicked deals damage, the healing of your next Shadow Mend is increased by 7, up to a maximum of 210.
Enduring Luminescence  - Power Word: Radiance restores 92 additional health, and applies Atonement for 70% of its normal duration.
Gift of Forgiveness  - Smite deals an additional 48 damage if you have at least 3 Atonements active.
Moment of Repose  - Pain Suppression applies Atonement to the target and instantly heals them for 1,276.
Weal and Woe  - Healing an ally with Penance increases the damage of your next Smite by 64. Damaging an enemy with Penance increases the absorption of your next Power Word: Shield by 239.

Holy

Blessed Sanctuary  - Echo of Light from Holy Word: Sanctify heals for an additional 240.
Everlasting Light  - Heal restores up to 160 additional health, based on your missing mana.
Permeating Glow  - Flash Heal increases the healing of your Flash Heals on that ally by 96 for 6 sec.
Prayerful Litany  - Prayer of Healing restores an additional 183 health to the most injured ally it affects.
Sacred Flame  - Holy Fire deals an additional 500 damage instantly, and restores 134 mana each time it deals damage.
Word of Mending  - Prayer of Mending heals for an additional 200 and reduces Holy Word: Sanctify's cooldown by 2 sec.

Shadow

Chorus of Insanity  - When Voidform ends, gain 0 Critical Strike for each stack of Voidform. This effect decays every 1 sec.
Death Throes  - Shadow Word: Pain deals an additional 264 damage. When an enemy dies while afflicted by your Shadow Word: Pain, you gain 5 Insanity.
Searing Dialogue  - Mind Sear deals an additional 32 damage to enemies suffering from your Shadow Word: Pain.
Spiteful Apparitions  - Shadowy Apparitions deal an additional 80 damage to enemies suffering from your Vampiric Touch.
Thought Harvester  - Casting Vampiric Touch increases the damage of your next Mind Blast/Shadow Word: Void by 452.
Whispers of the Damned  - Void Bolt increases the damage of Mind Blast/Shadow Word: Void by 63 for 6 sec, stacking up to 6 times.


 Rogue Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Assassination

Double Dose  - When Mutilate applies Lethal Poison with both daggers, it poisons the target for an additional 95 damage.
Fan of Blades  - Fan of Knives' radius is increased to 15 yds and damage is increased by 20 if it hits at least 3 targets.
Poisoned Wire  - Garrote increases the critical strike rating of your next Mutilate by 0.
Scent of Blood  - Rupture increases your Agility by 67. You may gain this benefit for each enemy suffering from your Rupture.
Shrouded Suffocation  - Garrote cast from Stealth generates 2 additional Combo Points and deals 73 additional damage.
Twist the Knife  - Envenom deals 20 additional damage per combo point, and Envenom lasts for 1.0 sec longer when it critically strikes.

Outlaw

Ace Up Your Sleeve  - Each combo point spent on Between the Eyes increases damage by an additional 17 and grants a 2% chance to gain 4 Combo Points.
Brigand's Blitz  - Adrenaline Rush increases your Haste by 93 every sec, stacking up to 10 times. Lasts 20 seconds.
Deadshot  - Between the Eyes increases the damage of your next Pistol Shot by 302.
Paradise Lost  - Take control of the dice of fate, granting yourself 146 Agility if Roll the Bones only provides you with one combat enhancement.
Snake Eyes  - For each combo point spent on Roll the Bones/Slice and Dice, it causes your next 5 Sinister Strikes to deal 30 additional damage.
Storm of Steel  - Extra strikes from Sinister Strike increase the damage of your next Dispatch by 47.

Subtlety

Blade In The Shadows  - Shadowstrike increases the damage your Shadowstrike deals by 13 for 60 sec, stacking up to 10 times.
Inevitability  - Backstab and Shadowstrike deal an additional 31 damage and extend the duration of your Symbols of Death by 0.5 sec.
Night's Vengeance  - Nightblade increases the damage of your next Eviscerate within 8 sec by 22.
Perforate  - Backstabbing an enemy from behind increases the damage of Backstab by 20 for 12 sec, stacking up to 3 times.
Sharpened Blades  - Your autoattacks increase the damage of your next Shuriken Toss or Poisoned Knife by 24, stacking up to 40 times.
The First Dance  - Shadow Dance grants an additional 0 critical strike rating to the first Eviscerate, Shadowstrike, or Shuriken Storm used during it.


 Shaman Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Elemental

Echo of the Elementals  - When your Fire Elemental/Storm Elemental expires, it leaves behind a Ember Elemental to continue attacking your enemies for 30 sec.
Natural Harmony  - Dealing Fire damage grants 0 critical strike for 12 sec. Dealing Frost damage grants 0 mastery for 12 sec. Dealing Nature damage grants 0 haste for 12 sec.
Igneous Potential  - Your Lava Burst deals 40 additional damage, and your Lava Surge chance is increased to 18%.
Lava Shock  - Flame Shock damage increases the damage of your next Earth Shock by 32, stacking up to 20 times.
Rumbling Tremors  - Your Earth Elemental spawns Tremors that deal 88 Physical damage to enemies within 8 yds every 2 seconds. Earth Elemental's auto attack damage is increased by 104.
Synapse Shock  - Lightning Bolt and Chain Lightning increase your Intellect by 21 per target hit for 15 sec, stacking up to 5 times.

Enhancement

Ancestral Resonance  - When you cast Heroism, your Mastery increases by 0 every second, stacking up to 20 times.
Natural Harmony  - Dealing Fire damage grants 0 critical strike for 12 sec. Dealing Frost damage grants 0 mastery for 12 sec. Dealing Nature damage grants 0 haste for 12 sec. 
Lightning Conduit  - Stormstrike marks the target as a Lightning Conduit for 60 sec. Stormstrike deals 57 Nature damage to all enemies you've marked as Conduits.
Primal Primer  - Melee attacks with Flametongue active increase the damage the target takes from your next Lava Lash by 28, stacking up to 10 times.
Roiling Storm  - Every 2 seconds, reduce the cost of your next Stormstrike by 2 Maelstrom and increase its damage by 53. This effect stacks up to 15 times.
Strength of Earth  - Rockbiter causes your next melee ability, other than Rockbiter, to deal an additional 126 Nature damage.

Restoration

Ebb and Flow  - Healing Tide Totem restores up to 37 additional health each pulse, based on how close your allies are to the totem. Maximum benefit for allies within 8 yds of the totem.
Overflowing Shores  - Your Healing Rain is 10% larger, and casting Healing Rain instantly restores 104 health to allies within its area.
Soothing Waters  - Your Chain Heal heals its primary target for an additional 128 healing.
Spouting Spirits  - Spirit Link Totem restores 319 health to all nearby allies 1 second after it is dropped.
Surging Tides  - If the target of your Riptide is below 50% of their maximum health, Riptide causes them to absorb up to 650 damage for 8 sec.
Swelling Stream  - Every 3 sec your Healing Stream Totem releases a lesser chain heal, restoring 169 health to up to 3 injured allies. Healing is reduced by 30% after each jump.


 Warlock Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Affliction

Cascading Calamity  - Casting Unstable Affliction on a target affected by your Unstable Affliction increases your Haste by 0 for 15 sec
Deathbloom  - If your Seed of Corruption detonates early, it deals 48 additional damage.
Dreadful Calling  - Unstable Affliction deals 32 additional damage, and casting Unstable Affliction reduce the cooldown of Summon Darkglare by 1 sec.
Inevitable Demise  - Damaging an enemy with Corruption increases the damage of your next Drain Life by 7. This effect stacks up to 100 times.
Sudden Onset  - Agony deals up to an additional 0 damage and starts with 4 stacks.
Wracking Brilliance  - Every other Soul Shard your Agony generates also increases your Intellect by 345 for 6 sec.

Demonology

Demonic Meteor  - Hand of Gul'dan deals 62 additional damage and has a 5% chance per Soul Shard spent of refunding a Soul Shard.
Explosive Potential  - When your Implosion consumes 3 or more Imps, gain 0 Haste for 6 sec.
Forbidden Knowledge  - Call Dreadstalkers has a 30% chance to make your next non-instant Demonbolt deal 1,009 additional damage.
Shadow's Bite  - When your summoned Dreadstalkers fade away, they increase the damage of your Demonbolt by 76 for 8 sec.
Supreme Commander  - When your Demonic Tyrant expires, consume its life essence, granting you a stack of Demonic Core and increasing your Intellect by 398 for 15 sec.
Umbral Blaze  - Your Hand of Guldan has a 15% chance to burn its target for 169 additional Shadowflame damage every 2 sec for 6 sec.

Destruction

Accelerant  - When your Rain of Fire damages 3 or more targets, gain 0 Haste for 8 sec.
Bursting Flare  - Casting Conflagrate on a target affected by your Immolate increases your Mastery by 0 for 20 sec, stacking up to 5 times.
Chaotic Inferno  - Chaos Bolt deals 69 additional damage, and has a 25% chance to make your next Incinerate instant.
Crashing Chaos  - Summoning your Infernal increases the damage of your next 8 Chaos Bolts by 283.
Flashpoint  - When your Immolate deals periodic damage to a target above 80% health, gain 0 Haste for 8 sec.
Rolling Havoc  - Each time your spells duplicate to a Havoc target, gain 61 Intellect for 10 sec. This effect stacks.


 Warrior Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Arms

Crushing Assault  - Your melee abilities have a chance to increase the damage of your next Slam by 483 and reduce its Rage cost by 20.
Executioner's Precision  - Execute increases the damage of your next Mortal Strike against the target by 215, stacking up to 2 times.
Gathering Storm  - While Bladestorming/Ravagering, every 1 sec you gain 62 Speed and Bladestorm's damage increases by 374. Lasts 6 sec.
Lord of War  - Colossus Smash/Warbreaker deals an additional 645 damage and generates 10 Rage.
Seismic Wave  - Overpower causes a seismic wave that deals 251 Physical damage to enemies in a 10 yd line.
Test of Might  - When Colossus Smash/Warbreaker expires, your Strength is increased by 35 for every 10 Rage you spent during Colossus Smash. Lasts 12 sec.

Fury

Bloodcraze  - Bloodthirst gains 0 critical strike rating every 1 sec, up to 0 rating. This effect resets when Bloodthirst critically strikes.
Infinite Fury  - When Recklessness expires, your Critical Strike is increased by 0 for 5 sec. Your auto attacks will refresh the duration of this effect.
Pulverizing Blows  - Raging Blow causes every strike of your next Rampage to deal an additional 27 damage. Stacks up to 5 times.
Reckless Flurry  - Auto attacks deal 574 additional damage and reduce the cooldown of Recklessness by 0.1 sec.
Simmering Rage  - Rampage deals an additional 396 damage and generates 1 Rage per strike.
Trample the Weak  - Rampaging an enemy whose health percentage is lower than yours increases your Strength and Stamina by 104 for 8 sec.

Protection

Bloodsport  - Ignore Pain prevents 399 additional damage, and grants you 0 Leech for 8 sec.
Brace for Impact  - Using Shield Slam increases your Block by 166 and the damage of your Shield Slam by 205 for 9 sec. Multiple applications of this effect may overlap
Callous Reprisal  - Revenge deals 33 additional damage and reduces the damage enemies deal to you by 0.5% for 8 sec, stacking up to 3 times.
Deafening Crash  - Thunder Clap deals an additional 40 damage and extends the duration of your Demoralizing Shout on affected enemies by 1 sec.
Iron Fortress  - Increases Block by 199, and blocking an attack deals 249 Physical damage to the attacker. Critical blocks deal double damage.
Reinforced Plating  - Blocking an attack increases your Strength by 32 for 5 sec, stacking up to 5 times.






Second Band - Azerite Powers
The second tier of Azerite Powers are generic talents that are more role specific instead of class specific. There is one choice that fits every role and then the other options fall into tank, healer, or dps buffs. This tier is much like the shadow and light tier of the Netherlight Crucible. This tier does not exist on gear until item level 340 mythic dungeon quality.

Role Agnostic Powers

Blood Siphon  - Increases your Mastery by 69 and your Leech by 35.
Earthlink  - Azerite energy courses through you, reaching 54 primary stat and then diminishing down to 9 primary stat, cycling every 6 sec.
Lifespeed  - Increases your Haste by 69 and your Avoidance by 35.
On My Way  - Increases your Versatility by 69 and your Speed by 35.


Tank/Defensive Powers

Ablative Shielding  - Falling below 40% health grants you 622 Armor for 10 sec. Taking further Physical damage reduces the Armor granted. May only occur every 30 sec.
Azerite Veins  - Taking damage has a chance to grant you Azerite Veins, healing you for 650 every 3 sec. Lasts 18 sec or until you are fully healed.
Crystalline Carapace  - When dealt damage greater than 10% of your maximum health, gain 62 Armor and cause melee attackers to suffer 71 Physical damage. Lasts 12 sec.
Shimmering Haven  - Taking damage has a chance to create an upwelling of Azerite beneath your feet, increasing your Health by 7,692 and your Armor by 218 while you stand within it. Lasts 10 sec.
Strength in Numbers  - Taking damage has a chance to increase your maximum health by 738 for each enemy within 8 yds, up to 5 enemies. Lasts 15 sec.
Winds of War  - Taking damage grants you 0 Dodge for 3 sec, stacking up to 5 times.


Healing Powers

Blessed Portents  - Your healing spells have a chance to apply Blessed Portents for 20 sec. When the ally falls below 50% health, Blessed Portents is consumed and instantly restores 3,421 health.
Bracing Chill  - Your heals have a chance to apply Bracing Chill. Healing a target with Bracing Chill will heal for an additional 195 and move Bracing Chill to a nearby ally up to 6 times.
Concentrated Mending  - Your healing effects have a chance to grant the target 8 additional healing every 2 sec for 12 sec. This effect doubles every 2 sec.
Ephemeral Recovery  - Casting a healing spell restores 0 mana over 8 sec. Stacks up to 2 times.
Savior  - Your heals on targets below 35% health have a chance to heal for an additional 390.
Synergistic Growth  - Casting your multi-target healing spell grants you 0 Mastery for 10 sec sec. This cannot occur more than once every 30 sec sec.
Woundbinder  - Your healing effects have a chance to increase your Haste by up to 0 for 6 sec. Healing lower health targets will grant you more Haste.


Damage Orientated Powers

Azerite Globules  - Your damaging abilities have a chance to implant an Azerite Globule on your enemies. When an enemy collects 3 Azerite Globules, they explode, dealing 175 Fire damage to nearby enemies.
Elemental Whirl  - Your damaging abilities have a chance to grant you Elemental Whirl, increasing your Critical Strike, Haste, Mastery, or Versatility by 0 for 10 sec.
Gutripper  - Your damaging abilities have a chance to deal 169 Physical damage to the target. Gutripper occurs much more often against targets below 30% health.
Heed My Call  - Your damaging abilities have a chance to deal 368 Nature damage to your target, and 158 Nature damage to enemies within 3 yards of that target.
Overwhelming Power  - Your damaging abilities have a chance to grant you 25 applications of Overwhelming Power. Each stack of Overwhelming Power grants 0 Haste. An application of Overwhelming Power is removed every 1 sec or whenever you take damage.
Unstable Flames  - Your damaging abilities have a chance to grant 0 critical strike rating for 5 sec. This effect stacks up to 5 times.




Third Band - Azerite Powers
The third band of azerite powers is actually the second band for any Azerite Armor that is below item level 340. This will be the second band that you unlock for basic leveling gear up through heroic dungeon gear. It is comprised of defensive traits, one choice that is generic and two that are tailored to your class.

Class Agnostic Defensive Azerite Powers

Azerite Fortification  - When stunned, immobilized, or knocked back, you heal for 1,276.
Bulwark of the Masses  - When you are surrounded by 4 or more enemies, gain a shield that absorbs 1,429 damage. Cannot occur more than once every 15 sec.
Gemhide  - When dealt damage greater than 10% of your maximum health, gain 121 Avoidance and 121 Armor for 10 sec.
Impassive Visage  - When you take damage, heal for 375. Cannot occur more than once every 6 sec sec.
Longstrider  - Increases your movement speed by 0% of your highest secondary rating, up to 0%.
Resounding Protection  - Every 30 sec, gain an absorb shield for 1,072 for 30 sec.
Self Reliance  - While no enemies are within 20 yds, you heal for 100 every 3 sec.
Vampiric Speed  - When an enemy you harmed dies, you heal for 3,165 and gain 83 Speed for 6 sec.


Class Defensive Powers

 Death Knight Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

March of the Damned  - When you use Death's Advance, gain 0 Speed for 15 sec. The cooldown of Death's Advance is reduced to 40 seconds.
Runic Barrier  - Anti-Magic Shell absorbs 1,651 additional damage and its duration is increased to 6 seconds.


 Demon Hunter Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Burning Soul  - When your Consume Magic consumes a beneficial Magic effect from the target, gain 1,072 Absorb for 20 sec and shatter a Soul Fragment from the target.
Soulmonger  - Consuming a Soul Fragment shields you, granting 250 Absorb for 3 sec.


 Druid Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Reawakening  - When you resurrect an ally with Rebirth, they absorb 2,701 damage over 15 sec.
Ursoc's Endurance  - When you use Barkskin or Survival Instincts, absorb 1,801 damage over 8 sec.


 Hunter Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Duck and Cover  - Using Feign Death allows you to absorb 1,501 damage over 6 sec, and Feign Death's cooldown is reduced to 25 seconds.
Shellshock  - Every 1 sec Aspect of the Turtle is active, heal for 180.


 Mage Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Cauterizing Blink  - When you Blink/Shimmer, heal for 240 every 1 sec for 4 sec
Eldritch Warding  - Your Ice Barrier, Blazing Barrier, and Prismatic Barrier absorb 750 additional damage.


 Monk Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Strength of Spirit  - While Fortifying Brew or Touch of Karma is active, heal for 138 every second.
Sweep the Leg  - When you Leg Sweep, your targets suffer 50% reduced movement speed, and you gain 0 Speed for 6 sec.


 Paladin Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Gallant Steed  - Inspire yourself and nearby allies while Divine Steed is active, granting 0 Speed for 5 sec. Divine Steed's cooldown is reduced to 40 seconds.
Stalwart Protector  - When you cast Divine Shield, grant 540 absorb for 15 sec to nearby allies.


 Priest Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Sanctum  - When you cast Fade, absorb 1,351 Magic damage for 10 sec.
Twist Magic  - When you successfully Dispel Magic, heal yourself and 4 injured allies for 702.


 Rogue Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Footpad  - Allies within 8 yds while your Sprint is active gain 0 Speed.
Shrouded Mantle  - Cloak of Shadows heals you for 240 every 1 sec, plus an additional 130 for each effect it negates.


 Shaman Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Pack Spirit  - While Ghost Wolf is active, heal for 200 every 1 sec.
Serene Spirit  - When you cast Astral Shift and when Astral Shift ends, heal for 690.


 Warlock Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Desperate Power  - While below 50% health, your Drain Life heals for an additional 225 health each 1 sec.
Lifeblood  - When you use a Healthstone, gain 0 Leech for 20 sec.


 Warrior Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator  / PvP Talent Calculator 

Bury the Hatchet  - When you use Victory Rush/Impending Victory, gain 1,351 Physical absorb for 10 sec.
Moment of Glory  - Your Rallying Cry grants 638 additional Max Health to affected allies, and its duration is increased to 12 sec.





Fourth Band - Azerite Power
The last band that you unlock is the innermost Azerite Power band. There is only one trait to choose here and it is always a 5 item level increase to the Azerite Armor piece.


Azerite Empowered  - Increases the item level of this item by 5.