chaud2019-05-22, 08:14 PMPatch 8.2 PTR - Build 30495
Build 30495 will be deployed to the PTR realms soon.

Achievement Changes
Battle
Pet Battles

Malowned  Defeat Postmaster Malown in a pet battle. Reward: Burnout. Account Wide. 10 points. Account Wide.


Battle for Azeroth
Exploration

Feline Figurines Found New  Find all of the lost crystalline cat figurines that Azshara was gifted, because someone gave her a cat figurine one time even though she never really liked cats, in Nazjatar. 5 points.
Junkyard Collector  Unlock 25 Unlock 20 of the following Junkyard Tinkering blueprints in Mechagon. 10 points.
Undersea Usurper  Complete the Nazjatar achievements listed below. Title Reward: Of The Deeps. 20 points. Mount Reward: Snapback Scuttler. 20 points.


Player vs. Player
Feats of Strength

Vicious Saddle 11 New  Account Wide.
Vicious Saddle 11 New  Account Wide.
Vicious Saddle 12 New  Account Wide.
Vicious Saddle 12 New  Account Wide.
Vicious Saddle 13 New  Account Wide.
Vicious Saddle 13 New  Account Wide.
Vicious Saddle 14 New  Account Wide.
Vicious Saddle 14 New  Account Wide.
Vicious Saddle 15 New  Account Wide.
Vicious Saddle 15 New  Account Wide.
Vicious Saddle 16 New  Account Wide.
Vicious Saddle 16 New  Account Wide.
Vicious Saddle 17 New  Account Wide.
Vicious Saddle 17 New  Account Wide.
Vicious Saddle 18 New  Account Wide.
Vicious Saddle 18 New  Account Wide.
Vicious Saddle 19 New  Account Wide.
Vicious Saddle 19 New  Account Wide.
Vicious Saddle 20 New  Account Wide.
Vicious Saddle 20 New  Account Wide.


World
Player vs. Player

Supplying the Assassins  Loot 25 War Supply Chests in Nazjatar while an Assasin. Assassin.




Spell Changes
 Death Knight Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Pets

Monstrous Blow  Strike an enemy with a smashing attack, dealing [ 11.14% [ 18% of Attack Power ] Physical damage and stunning for 2 sec. Can be cast in Ghoul. Melee range. Instant. 1.5 min cooldown.


 Mage Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Minor Glyphs

Glyph of Steaming Fury New  Your Water Elemental is replaced by a Steaming Elemental. Minor Glyph. Minor Glyph.
Glyph of Steaming Fury New  Your Water Elemental is replaced by a Steaming Elemental. Minor Glyph. Minor Glyph. 1.5 sec cast.
Glyph of the Cold Waves New  Your Water Elemental is replaced by a Cresting Wave Elemental. Minor Glyph. Minor Glyph.
Glyph of the Cold Waves New  Your Water Elemental is replaced by a Cresting Wave Elemental. Minor Glyph. Minor Glyph. 1.5 sec cast.
Glyph of the Dark Depths New  Your Water Elemental is replaced by a darker Depths Elemental. Minor Glyph. Minor Glyph.
Glyph of the Dark Depths New  Your Water Elemental is replaced by a darker Depths Elemental. Minor Glyph. Minor Glyph. 1.5 sec cast.


 Warlock Forums , Talent Calculator , PvP Talent Calculator , Artifact Calculator 
Demonology

Summon Demonic Tyrant  Summon a Demonic Tyrant to increase the duration of all of your current lesser demons by 15.0 sec, and increase the damage of all of your other demons by 15%, while damaging your target. Warlock - Demonology Spec. Warlock - Demonology Spec. 2% of Base Mana. 40 yd range. 2 sec cast. 1.5 min cooldown.


Item Effects

Acid Resistance  Attacks from Ooze and Slime creatures have a 10% chance to deal 50% 0% reduced damage to you. Instant.
Aqueous Reliquary New  Instant. 1 sec cooldown.
Arcane Tempest New  Your damaging abilities have a low chance to unleash an arcane tempest for 20 sec, dealing Arcane damage to nearby enemies every 2 sec. Each time the tempest damages a lone enemy, its frequency will increase, stacking up to 6 times. Approximately 1.5 procs per minute.
Assembling  Combine 30 Hardened Spring, 10 Tempered Plating, and 5 Machined Gear Assembly to create a Bundle of Recycled Parts. 3 sec cast. Reagents: Item #168952 x 30, Item #168951 x 10, Item #168950 x 5. 12, Item #168950 x 5.
Assembling  Combine 30 Hardened Spring, 10 Tempered Plating, and 5 Machined Gear Assembly to create a Bundle of Recycled parts. 3 sec cast. Reagents: Item #168217 x 30, Item #168216 x 10, Item #168215 x 5. 12, Item #168215 x 5.
Balancing Nature New  Increase damage to beasts by 0%. Lasts for 1 sec. Only usable on Island Expeditions. Limited to 1 target. 20 yd range. Instant.
Battle-Born Vigor New  Gain 0 health every 5 sec for 1 sec when you kill an enemy of the opposite faction. Lasts for 1 sec. Only usable on Island Expeditions. Limited to 1 target. 20 yd range. Instant.
Bioelectric Charge  Your auto attacks have a very low chance to prime Diver's Folly. For 12 sec, 5% of your damage will be stored as bioelectric charge. When Diver's Folly discharges, deal Nature damage equal to the charge to 3 nearby enemies. Approximately 1 proc per minute.
Brightspine Shell New  Put the bright, spiky shell on your head, which deals Physical damage to enemies that attack you in combat, but increases the radius that enemies detect you. Only usable in Kul Tiras, Zandalar, and Nazjatar. Instant.
Burgeoning Battlefield Furor  Combine 0 Combine 15 Burgeoning Battlefield Furor to create Battlefield Honor Rib-Bone Choker of Dominance. 1.5 sec cast. 1 sec cooldown. Reagents: Burgeoning Battlefield Furor x 15.
Chain of Suffering  Name changed from "Mindleech Tether" to "Chain of Suffering".
Coalescing Blood of the Vanquished  Combine 0 Coalescing Blood of the Vanquished to create either Blood of the Enemy, Sphere of Suppression, or Artifice of Time. The item created is based on your Loot Specialization. 1.5 sec cast. 1 sec cooldown. Reagents: Coalescing Blood of the Vanquished x 200. Item #169680 x 200.
Curse of the Tides New  Instant.
Curse of the Tides New  Instant.
Curse of the Tides New  Instant.
Cursed Lover's Ring  Bind your ring to another Cursed Lover's Ring. Instant. 10 yd range. Instant.
Declare Edict  Name changed from "Declaration" to "Declare Edict". Declare an Edict. Cannot be used in combat. 4 sec cast. Declare Edict of the Myrmidon, absorbing 0 Physical damage. 4 sec cast. 20 sec cooldown.
Drink  Restores 80% Restores 60% Mana over 20 sec. Must remain seated while drinking. Instant.
Edicts of the Faithless  Gain Edict of the Sentinel, absorbing the next 0 Physical damage, stacking each time the absorb breaks, up to 10 times. Recharges after 16 seconds. Every 16 seconds, gain a shield. Each time the shield breaks, the following shield will be 10% stronger, up to 100%. Your active Edict determines the type of damage absorbed by the shield. 
Enhance Item New  Empower a Pearled item from Nazjatar, increasing its item level by 5, up to a maximum of 430. Instant.
Enhance Item  Empower a Pearled item from Nazjatar, increasing its item level by 5, up to a maximum of 430. Instant. 415. Instant.
Enhance Item New  Empower a Pearled Azerite item from Nazjatar, increasing its item level by 15, up to a maximum of 430. Instant.
Enhance Item  Empower a Pearled Azerite item from Nazjatar, increasing its item level by 15, up to a maximum of 430. Instant. 415. Instant.
Enhance Synapses  Zap yourself for 8,153 Nature damage, gaining 557 Intellect for 15 sec. Instant. 45 sec cooldown.
Enhanced Mining Drill New  Increase the speed in which you gather Azerite from mining nodes and mineral veins. Lasts for 1 sec. Only usable on Island Expeditions. Limited to 1 target. 20 yd range. Instant.
Eternal Palace Dining Set New  Prepare for dinner. Instant.
Fermented Deviate Fish New  Eat me. Instant.
Fight-or-Flight New  When your health drops below 0% gain 0 Speed rating for 1 sec. Lasts for 1 sec. Only usable on Island Expeditions. Limited to 1 target. 20 yd range. Instant.
Filling...  Arcane enchantments fill your pouch with life-giving liquid when used while standing in water. 10 sec cast. Reagents: Magnificent Desalinating Pouch. Mardivas' Magnificent Desalinating Pouch.
Flopping Fish New  Eat me. Instant.
Focusing Life Anima  Combine 15 Focused Life Anima to create Lifebinder's Invocation Lingering Seed of Renewal. The item created is based on your Loot Specialization. 1.5 sec cast. 1 sec cooldown. Reagents: Focused Life Anima x 15.
Gangrenous Spores New  Throw Gangrenous Spores on an enemy, dealing 0 Nature damage every 3 sec for 15 sec. Only usable on Island Expeditions. 40 yd range. Instant.
Gardbrace New  Absorbs up to 0 damage you take from ranged attacks. Lasts for until cancelled. Only usable on Island Expeditions. Instant.
Herbal Medicine New  Increase all healing received by 0. Lasts for until cancelled. Only usable on Island Expeditions. Instant.
Inexhaustible Shield  Sacrifice 5% of your maximum health for an absorb of equal value each time the absorb is depleted. this absorb is depleted.
Last Rites New  Increase your Stamina by 0 for 1 sec when you slay a Furbolg, Druid or Keeper to rest. Lasts for 1 sec. Only usable on Island Expeditions. Limited to 1 target. 20 yd range. Instant.
Leviathan Chomp  Your damaging abilities have a very low chance to summon a Leviathan, inflicting 0 Physical damage. Your damage cultivates fluorescent algae, on your target, increasing your chance to summon. Approximately 10 procs per minute.
Liquid Speed New  Increase your Speed rating by 0 for 1 sec. Only usable on Island Expeditions. Limited to 1 target. 20 yd range. Instant.
Luminous Jellyweed  Your heals have a chance to grant Luminescence to the lowest health ally within 40 yds. Heals on allies with Luminescence heal for 10% more up to a total of 0 your most injured ally within 40 yds. Allies with Luminescence receive 10% additional healing, up to 0 total additional healing. Approximately 3 procs per minute.
Machinist's Brilliance  Critical Strike increased by 100. Instant. 500. Instant.
Mage-Hunter's Badge New  Killing an enemy magic wielder increases your primary stat by 0 for 1 sec. Lasts for 1 sec. Only usable on Island Expeditions. Limited to 1 target. 20 yd range. Instant.
Memento of the Deeps New  Place a seashell on the ground. Interacting with the memento fills you with memories of adventures in Nazjatar with your allies. Instant.
Mist to Muscle New  Increase your Speed rating by 0 for 1 sec when you kill an enemy. Lasts for 1 sec. Only usable on Island Expeditions. Limited to 1 target. 20 yd range. Instant.
Muck Slime New  Increases chance to Dodge by 35% and grants increased Haste when you dodge an attack. Only usable in Kul Tiras, Zandalar, and Nazjatar. Instant.
Mudwrap New  Wrap yourself in rejuvenating mud, healing and removing a curse, disease, magic, and bleed effect every 3 sec. Only usable in Kul Tiras, Zandalar, and Nazjatar. Instant.
Natural Culling New  Increase damage to beasts by 3%. Lasts for 1 sec. Only usable on Island Expeditions. Limited to 1 target. 20 yd range. Instant.
Nature's Rest New  Increase your Stamina by 0 for 1 sec when you slay a Furbolg, Druid or Keeper to rest. Lasts for 1 sec. Only usable on Island Expeditions. Limited to 1 target. 20 yd range. Instant.
Ocean Simulator  Immerse yourself in the sounds of the ocean 10 yd range. 2 sec cast.
Paint Filled Bladder New  Try and throw the Paint Filled Bladder at your target. 30 yd range. 1.5 sec cast. 1 sec cooldown.
Pandaria Defender New  Increase your damage done to Mogu and Mantid enemies by 0%. Lasts for until cancelled. Only usable on Island Expeditions. Instant.
Poisoned Whetstone New  Chance on attack to cause the target to take 0 Nature damage every 5 sec for until cancelled. Only usable on Island Expeditions. Instant.
Potion of Reconstitution  Chance to create multiple potions. Alchemy. Alchemy. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Zin'anthid x 8, Akunda's Bite x 3, Crystal Vial.
Razor Coral  Name changed from "Arcing Razor Coral" to "Razor Coral". Plunge a shard of Charging Plunge Razor Coral into your target dealing 0 physical damage. Subsequent attacks have a chance to deal 0 damage and add a charge to the coral. 8 and giving your damaging abilities against the target a high chance to charge the coral and deal 0 additional Physical damage. 40 yd range. Instant. 20 sec cooldown.
Razorshell New  Summons a rideable shell that knocks other players off of their mounts. On dismount, stuns all nearby enemy players. Can only be used in War Mode. Instant.
Rummaging New  Dig through the bag, revealing a secret. Only usable in Nazjatar. 3 sec cast.
Rusty Scrap New  Your damaging spells and abilities have a chance to throw rusty scrap metal at your target, dealing 251 damage. Approximately 3 procs per minute.
Scrying Stone  Allows the detection of otherwise unseen treasures buried beneath the wet sands of Nazjatar. Instant. for 30 min. Instant.
Seasbane New  Increase your damage against Naga, Kvaldir and Pirates by 0%. Lasts for 1 sec. Only usable on Island Expeditions. Limited to 1 target. 20 yd range. Instant.
Seastorm Totem New  Summons a Seastorm Elemental to aid you in combat for 60 sec. Only usable in Zandalar, Kul Tiras, and Nazjatar. Instant.
Shadescale New  Grasp the shadows around the scale, and perceive the world as if it were midnight. Instant.
Shirakess Warning Sign New  Place a Warning Sign that lasts for 60 sec. A message can be carved into the sign, causing it to last for 60 min and making it visible to other players. Instant.
Shiver Venom  Your damaging abilities have a high chance to apply Shiver Venom to your target, dealing 0 Nature damage over 20 seconds, and stacking up to 5 times. 40 yd range. Approximately 5 procs per minute.
Shivering Lance  Your damaging abilities have a chance to deal 0 Frost damage. If your target is afflicted with Shiver Venom an ally has afflicted your target with Shiver Venom, also, deal 0 Nature damage to nearby enemies.Approximately 3 procs per minute.
Snapdragon Scent Gland New  Smash the gland and become the pack leader, summoning snapdragons to fight for you for 60 sec. Only usable in Zandalar, Kul Tiras, and Nazjatar. Instant.
Spark of the Elements New  Increase your damage by 3% for 1 sec when you kill an elemental. Lasts for 1 sec. Only usable on Island Expeditions. Limited to 1 target. 20 yd range. Instant.
Spell Turning New  When hit by a spell, increase your damage by 3 for 1 sec. Lasts for 1 sec. Only usable on Island Expeditions. Limited to 1 target. 20 yd range. Instant.
Storm of the Eternal  Name changed from "Azshara's Storm" to "Storm of the Eternal". Azshara's Storm Storm of the Eternal will grant 864 additional Haste, split between members of your party.
Storm of the Eternal  Name changed from "Azshara's Storm" to "Storm of the Eternal". Azshara's Storm Storm of the Eternal will rise for 10 sec, every 2 min. Azshara's Storm Storm of the Eternal is enhanced for every member of your party wearing Azshara's Garments.
Storm of the Eternal  Name changed from "Azshara's Storm" to "Storm of the Eternal". Azshara's Storm Storm of the Eternal will grant 864 additional Critical Strike, split between members of your party.
Storm of the Eternal  Name changed from "Azshara's Storm" to "Storm of the Eternal". Azshara's Storm Storm of the Eternal will restore 0 health to an injured ally 3 additional times.
Storm of the Eternal  Name changed from "Azshara's Storm" to "Storm of the Eternal". Azshara's Storm Storm of the Eternal will deal 0 Arcane damage to a nearby enemy 3 additional times.
Storm Totem New  Summons a Storm Elemental to aid you in combat for 60 sec. Only usable in Zandalar, Kul Tiras, and Nazjatar. Instant.
Summon Zoatroid  Casting a single target heal has a chance to summon a Zoatroid by your target's side, absorbing 0 damage and granting up to 0 Versatility based on the remaining shield absorb remaining. Every 10% mana you spend nourishes 0 absorb to each Zoatroid your Zoatroids, adding 0 absorb and 10 Versatility. Approximately 3 procs per minute.
Sunwarmed Sand New  Sprinkle the dust, and perceive the world as if it were midday. Instant.
Swimmer's Legs  You are 5% larger while in Nazjatar and The Eternal Palace. or The Eternal Palace.
Symbol of Gral New  Believe in Gral and be blessed. Instant.
Tidal Guard New  Summons a tidal guardian to assist you for 2 min. Only usable in Kul Tiras, Zandalar, and Nazjatar. Instant.
Turbo-Chaged  Name changed from "Hurricane Heart" to "Turbo-Chaged". Your attacks have a chance to trigger the Hurricane Within, increasing increase your Haste by 226 every 2 sec. Lasts 12 sec. Approximately 1 proc per minute.
Underlight Sealamp New  Place the lamp. Instant.
Unforged Armor  Breaks the target's armor, increasing physical damage taken by 100% for 60 sec. 30 yd range. Instant. Only usable on Island Expeditions. 30 yd range. Instant.
Venomous Bolt  Your damaging abilities have a chance to deal 0 Nature damage. If your target is afflicted an ally has afflicted your target with Shiver Venom, deal 0 additional Frost damage.Approximately 3 procs per minute.
Vision of Demise  Reveal your enemy's impending doom demise, increasing your Haste by 0 for 10 sec. This Haste is further increased proportionally by how much health your enemy is missing. 40 yd range. Instant. For every 10% health your target Is missing, gain 0 additional Haste. 40 yd range. Instant.
Void Negotiation  Your abilities have a low chance to create a Void Tear for 30 sec. Standing near a Void Tear opens a portal, granting you 90 Intellect for 10 sec. Approximately 1.5 procs per minute.
Voltscale Shield New  Strikes nearby enemies with tidal guardian lightning, inflicting Nature damage and increasing Nature damage taken. Only usable in Kul Tiras, Zandalar, and Nazjatar. Instant.
Wind-Up Utility Pylon  Name changed from "Sublimating Power" to "Wind-Up Utility Pylon".
Zanj'ir Weapon Rack New  Equip a naga weapon. Instant.


Professions
Cooking

Unagi Skewer  Prepare Unagi Skewer. Cooking. Cooking. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Viper Fish x 5, Mauve Stinger x 5.


Enchanting

Force Multiplier  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Strength or Agility by 500 and Mastery, Haste, or Critical Strike by 100 500 for 15 sec. Your highest stat is always chosen. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 6, Gloom Dust x 25, Veiled Crystal x 3.
Force Multiplier  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Strength or Agility by 500 and Mastery, Haste, or Critical Strike by 100 500 for 15 sec. Your highest stat is always chosen. Greatly reduced materials. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 4, Gloom Dust x 20, Veiled Crystal x 2.
Force Multiplier  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Strength or Agility by 500 and Mastery, Haste, or Critical Strike by 100 500 for 15 sec. Your highest stat is always chosen. Reduced materials. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 5, Gloom Dust x 22, Veiled Crystal x 3.
Machinist's Brilliance  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Intellect by 500 and Mastery, Haste, or Critical Strike by 100 500 for 15 sec. Your highest stat is always chosen. Reduced materials. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 5, Gloom Dust x 22, Veiled Crystal x 3.
Machinist's Brilliance  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Intellect by 500 and Mastery, Haste, or Critical Strike by 100 500 for 15 sec. Your highest stat is always chosen. Greatly reduced materials. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 4, Gloom Dust x 20, Veiled Crystal x 2.
Machinist's Brilliance  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Intellect by 500 and Mastery, Haste, or Critical Strike by 100 500 for 15 sec. Your highest stat is always chosen. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 6, Gloom Dust x 25, Veiled Crystal x 3.
Oceanic Restoration  Permanently enchant a weapon to occasionally increase Intellect by 500 for 15 sec, and restore 5,000 mana. Greatly reduced materials. Requires One-Handed Axes, Two-Handed Axes, Bows, Guns, One-Handed Maces, Two-Handed Maces, Polearms, One-Handed Swords, Two-Handed Swords, Staves, Bear Claws, CatClaws, Fist Weapons, Daggers, Spears, Crossbows, Wands. Enchanting. Enchanting. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Umbra Shard x 4, Gloom Dust x 20, Veiled Crystal x 2.


Engineering

Ub3r-Module: P.O.G.O.  Name changed from "Ub3r-Module: P.O.G.O" to "Ub3r-Module: P.O.G.O.".


Inscription

Glyph of Steaming Fury New  Inscription. Inscription. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Light Parchment, Crimson Ink x 10, Ultramarine Ink x 30.
Glyph of the Cold Waves New  Inscription. Inscription. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Light Parchment, Crimson Ink x 10, Ultramarine Ink x 30.
Glyph of the Dark Depths New  Inscription. Inscription. 1.5 sec cast. Reagents: Light Parchment, Crimson Ink x 10, Ultramarine Ink x 30.
Highborne Compendium of Mystical Bulwark  Craft a Highborne Compendium of Mystical Bulwark. Inscription. Inscription. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Light Parchment, Maroon Ink, Ultramarine Ink, Expulsom. x 50, Maroon Ink x 45, Ultramarine Ink x 25, Expulsom x 2.
Highborne Compendium of Storms  Craft a Highborne Compendium of Storms. Inscription. Inscription. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Light Parchment, Maroon Ink, Ultramarine Ink, Expulsom. x 50, Maroon Ink x 45, Ultramarine Ink x 25, Expulsom x 2.
Highborne Compendium of Sundering  Craft a Highborne Compendium of Sundering. Inscription. Inscription. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Light Parchment, Maroon Ink, Ultramarine Ink, Expulsom. x 50, Maroon Ink x 45, Ultramarine Ink x 25, Expulsom x 2.
Highborne Compendium of Swirling Tides  Craft a Highborne Compendium of Swirling Tides. Inscription. Inscription. 2 sec cast. Reagents: Light Parchment, Maroon Ink, Ultramarine Ink, Expulsom. x 50, Maroon Ink x 45, Ultramarine Ink x 25, Expulsom x 2.




Strings Changes

AZERITE_CLICK_TO_SELECT - Click to activate.
AZERITE_ESSENCE_EMPTY_MAIN_SLOT_DESC - Apply an essence here to gain both its Major and Minor powers.
AZERITE_ESSENCE_EMPTY_PASSIVE_SLOT_DESC - Apply an essence here to be able to use its Minor power. gain its Minor power
AZERITE_ESSENCE_LOCKED_MILESTONE_LEVEL - Unlocked at Heart of Azeroth Level %d.
AZERITE_ESSENCE_LOCKED_SLOT_LEVEL - Unlocked at Heart of Azeroth Level %d.
AZERITE_ESSENCE_TOOLTIP_MAIN_POWER_INLINE - |cff71d5ff- Major |cff71d5ffMajor Power:|r %s
AZERITE_ESSENCE_TOOLTIP_PASSIVE_POWER_INLINE - |cff8788ee- Minor |cff8788eeMinor Power:|r %s
AZERITE_ESSENCE_UNLOCK_MILESTONE - To activate this power, visit the Heart Forge in the Chamber of Heart.
AZERITE_ESSENCE_UNLOCK_SLOT - To activate this slot, visit the Heart Forge in the Chamber of Heart.
AZERITE_MILESTONE_NO_ACTIVE_LINKS New - No active links.
ERR_AZERITE_ESSENCE_SELECTION_FAILED_CANT_REMOVE_ESSENCE - You can't change that essence while %s is on cooldown.
ERR_AZERITE_ESSENCE_SELECTION_FAILED_CONDITION_FAILED - You don't meet the requirements to apply this essence.
ERR_AZERITE_ESSENCE_SELECTION_FAILED_ESSENCE_NOT_UNLOCKED - %s has not been unlocked yet. %s hasn't been unlocked yet
ERR_AZERITE_ESSENCE_SELECTION_FAILED_HEART_LEVEL_TOO_LOW - Requires Heart of Azeroth level %d.
ERR_AZERITE_ESSENCE_SELECTION_FAILED_NOT_AT_FORGE - You must be at the Heart Forge to do that.
ERR_AZERITE_ESSENCE_SELECTION_FAILED_SLOT_LOCKED - You have not unlocked this essence slot yet. You haven't unlocked this essence slot yet
OPTION_TOOLTIP_RESOLUTION - Sets the size of the game window in windowed mode. resolution of the game window.
PLACEHOLDER_SCENE New - Cutscene Placeholder
PVP_TALENT_GRANTED_BY_AZERITE_ESSENCE - Granted by a Heart of Azeroth Essence.
SPELL_FAILED_CUSTOM_ERROR_414 - This target does not have your Charging Coral. Razor Coral.
SPELL_FAILED_CUSTOM_ERROR_415 New - You do not have enough of that item.




Misc Changes
Currency Types
Hidden

Nazjatar Bodyguard - Bladesman Inowari - Name changed from "Najzatar Bodyguard - Bladesman Inowari" to "Nazjatar Bodyguard - Bladesman Inowari".
Nazjatar Bodyguard - Farseer Ori - Name changed from "Najzatar Bodyguard - Farseer Ori" to "Nazjatar Bodyguard - Farseer Ori".
Nazjatar Bodyguard - Hunter Akana - Name changed from "Najzatar Bodyguard - Hunter Akana" to "Nazjatar Bodyguard - Hunter Akana".
Nazjatar Bodyguard - Neri Sharpfin - Name changed from "Najzatar Bodyguard - Neri Sharpfin" to "Nazjatar Bodyguard - Neri Sharpfin".
Nazjatar Bodyguard - Poen Gillbrack - Name changed from "Najzatar Bodyguard - Poen Gillbrack" to "Nazjatar Bodyguard - Poen Gillbrack".
Nazjatar Bodyguard - Vim Brineheart - Name changed from "Najzatar Bodyguard - Vim Brineheart" to "Nazjatar Bodyguard - Vim Brineheart".


Factions
Battle for Azeroth

The Unshackled - Name changed from "Unshackled" to "The Unshackled".
The Unshackled Paragon - Name changed from "Unshackled Paragon" to "The Unshackled Paragon".
Waveblade Ankoan - Name changed from "Ankoan" to "Waveblade Ankoan". An ancient species of deep sea warriors, the Waveblade Ankoan traverse the deepest and most dangerous parts of the ocean.
Waveblade Ankoan Paragon - Name changed from "Ankoan Paragon" to "Waveblade Ankoan Paragon". An ancient species of deep sea warriors, the Waveblade Ankoan traverse the deepest and most dangerous parts of the ocean.


Flight Masters
Kul Tiras

Overspark Expedition Camp, Mechagon - Alliance only. Mount: NPC #28360  NPC #156009 


Item Name Descriptions

Benthic - Benthic [color=#20FF20] Benthic
Pearled - Pearled [color=#20FF20] Pearled


Map Areas
Kul Tiras

Mechagon > The Burned Cave - Name changed from "Mechagon > Charred Cave" to "Mechagon > The Burned Cave".


Nazjatar

Nazjatar > Coral Grove New
Nazjatar > Ekka's Hideaway New
Nazjatar > Maedin's Challenge New
Nazjatar > The Royal Approach - Name changed from "Nazjatar > The Empress's Approach" to "Nazjatar > The Royal Approach".


Map Difficulties

8.0 Islands - Event - Name changed from "DO NOT USE PH Island 7, Accidental Copy" to "8.0 Islands - Event".
8.0 Islands - Event - Name changed from "8.2 Islands - Test - Building H-B-S1" to "8.0 Islands - Event".
8.0 Islands - Event - Name changed from "DO NOT USE PH Island 7, Accidental Copy" to "8.0 Islands - Event".
8.0 Islands - Event - Name changed from "DO NOT USE PH Island 7, Accidental Copy" to "8.0 Islands - Event".
8.0 Islands - Event - Name changed from "8.2 Islands - Test - Building H-M-S1" to "8.0 Islands - Event".
8.0 Islands - Event - Name changed from "DO NOT USE PH Island 7, Accidental Copy" to "8.0 Islands - Event".
8.0 Islands - Event - Name changed from "8.2 Islands - Test - Building H-O-S1" to "8.0 Islands - Event".
8.0 Islands - Event - Name changed from "8.2 Islands - Test - Building A-O-S1" to "8.0 Islands - Event".


Maps
Battle for Azeroth

8.0 Islands - Event - Name changed from "8.2 Islands - Test - Building A-O-S1" to "8.0 Islands - Event".
8.0 Islands - Event - Name changed from "8.2 Islands - Test - Building H-O-S1" to "8.0 Islands - Event".
8.0 Islands - Event - Name changed from "8.2 Islands - Test - Building H-M-S1" to "8.0 Islands - Event".
8.0 Islands - Event - Name changed from "DO NOT USE PH Island 7, Accidental Copy" to "8.0 Islands - Event".
8.0 Islands - Event - Name changed from "8.2 Islands - Test - Building H-B-S1" to "8.0 Islands - Event".


Mounts
Ground Mounts

Snapback Scuttler - Ground Mount. Snapback Scuttler  "Giant crabs are native to Nazjatar and a favored food of the naga. This one must have been well-kept to grow this large." Source: Zone: Nazjatar Achievement: Undersea Usurper Category: Battle for Azeroth


Scenarios
Defend the Rig

03: Defeat Unstable Irradiated Golem - Name changed from "03: Defeat Unstabled Irradiated Golem" to "03: Defeat Unstable Irradiated Golem".


Stratholme

03: Scary Ghosts and Creepy Fiends - Defeat the Wandering Phantasm and Crypt Fiend guarding the Ziggaraut. Ziggarat.


World Safe Locations
Kul Tiras

8.2 Mechagon - Start of Something Bigger - Safe Loc MDE New
Zuldazar - Banshee's Wail - Drustvar Exit New
Zuldazar - Banshee's Wail - Stormsong Exit New
Zuldazar - Banshee's Wail - Tiragarde Exit New


Nazjatar

8.2 Nazjatar - Week 1 - Alliance - Teleport to Safety Backup RKS New
8.2 Nazjatar - Week 1 - Horde - Teleport to Safety Backup RKS New


Zandalar

Tiragarde Sound - Boralus - Wind's Redemption to Nazmir New
Tiragarde Sound - Boralus - Wind's Redemption to Vol'dun New
Tiragarde Sound - Boralus - Wind's Redemption to Zuldazar New