chaud2019-03-25, 02:36 AMWhat to Expect in Patch 8.2 - Rise of Azshara
It has been several months since Blizzcon 2018's reveal of what is coming in Patch 8.2 - Rise of Azshara and so we decided to give you a little run down of what to expect for WoW's next patch!


    



New Landmass - Nazjatar

The naga are starting to make major attacks along the shores of Kul Tiras and Zandalar. The Alliance and Horde set sail for the great blue beyond to discover a chasm in the ocean surrounded by waterfalls, leading to the capital of the naga empire.

New Story Quests

Take the fight directly to Azshara herself

New Friends

Horde meet a group of former naga slaves consisting of Makrura, Gilbin, and Sea Giants held up in a cave trying to survive
Alliance meet the Ankoan, a deep sea tribe mostly wiped out by the naga who have dedicated their lives to slaying them.

Replayable Content

Team is taking inspiration from the best parts of past content zones
There will be a tower control point system that is both PvE or PvP in which areas of the map can be controlled by the naga, Horde, or Alliance.
The goal is that over the course of playing through the patch there are new things to see everyday.

New Foes

Old God minions
New Naga spellcasters

New Rewards, Mounts, and Pets

Naga themed weapons and armor sets
Crab mount that walk sideways
Seahorse mount that is literally a horse mixed with a seahorse.
Baby Naga pet



New Raid - Azshara's Eternal Palace

8 boss raid

Fights include:

Naga Hatchery
Underwater Boss
Queen Azshara Fight



New Landmass - Mechagon

A previously closed vault in Kul Tiras has opened and within it a radio transmitter sends a signal for help and points to a new land to explore.
Ancient lost city of the gnomes
The beginning of the adventure is within the Junker Wastes where heroes will be beset by death robots.
Mechagnomes will be heavily involved in this story.

They introduce you to a whole new society and take you to where higher cast gnomes live who have dedicated themselves to their king and have embraced robotics.
They are hunted by robots.

King Mechangon has a vision to return anyone of flesh into more pure robotic parts and it's up to you to put a stop to him.

New Mega Dungeon - Mechagon

8 bosses 
Similar to Legion's Karazhan in size. 
It is mythic difficulty only
New mounts and pets to collect inside 
King Mechagon is the final boss.

War Campaign Continues

See what is next story wise for Sylvanas, Saurfang, Anduin and Jaina. 
Magni's quest to save Azeroth will also continue.

New Heritage Armor

Tauren and Gnomes are next to receive Heritage Armor.

New Island Expedition Maps

Crestfall from Warcraft II 
Snowblossom Pandaren Village

Heroic Warfronts

Higher Difficulty with higher rewards. 
These are for teams of 10+ players and there is a possibility to lose.

Flying!

Pathfinder Part 2 achievement to unlock flying
Bee, Gryphon, and Mechanical Parrot mounts.

BfA Mythic + Season 3 

Nazjatar themed seasonal affix
Item level increase

PvP

New Arena Map- Mechagon Arena
Season 3 Vicious Mount is the basilisk.

Miscellaneous

Every item slot except pants will be able to be hidden via transmog.
A portal to Caverns of Time is being added to the portal rooms.
A UI update will add pathfinding directions to quests that take place on other continents.




         
         
         
         
         
         
         
          
         