chaud2019-02-05, 11:44 AMBattle for Dazar'alor Mythic Progression Update
There are now 29 guilds at 8/9!


  


Patch 8.1 Hotfixes - February 4, 2019
Dungeons and Raids

In Mythic Keystone dungeons, Explosives no longer gain bonus health from Fortified.
Battle of Dazar’alor

Stormwall Blockade

Fixed a cosmetic issue that caused several boats to unintentionally attempt to siege Zuldazar from underwater.
Fixed a line-of-sight issue that prevented players from damaging Laminaria as intended.
Increased Tidal Empowerment energy gain and Storm's Empowerment energy gain to 3 per 3 seconds was 2 per 3 seconds.


Tol’Dagor

Heavy Cannons no longer kill the Souls spawned by Reaping before they are active.



Player versus Player

Items

The absorb provided by Diamond-Laced Refracting Prism  is now cleared at the start of an Arena or Battleground and is considered a Magic effect for dispels.
Bwonsamdi's Bargain  can no longer prevent death while participating in Arenas or Rated Battlegrounds.



 Paladin Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Protection

Light of the Protector  and Hand of the Protector ’s healing reduced by 40% when engaged in combat with enemy players.
Mana regeneration reduced by 30% when engaged in combat with enemy players.
Developers’ notes: With the launch of Tides of Vengeance, the additional healing granted by Hand of the Protector was changed to be based on the target’s missing health, rather than the Paladin’s missing health. While healing is a core element of Protection Paladin survivability, this has proven to be more effective in PvP than intended. Protection Paladins should feel like they can survive high amounts of damage, and heal their teammates in a pinch, but not provide consistent and sustained healing to their teammates throughout a match.




World

Guards who go hard at players in War Mode have been added to Terrace of the Devoted and Tortoka Refuge.



Blue Posts
Retribution Nerf
Blizzard is actually ran by monkeys, finally with 8.1 ret felt okay to play and now were back to the bottom of the priority list, GG Blizzard, thanks for ruining my main since BC.
Just to elaborate more, the trait itself received a pretty significant tune 30% is 30% there’s no downplaying that. However from my personal experience and logs since the change, I feel it has a small impact in the overall pool of Ret damage. Light’s Decree had a big impact in large AoE pulls, yet in single target wise it accounts for I think a 2% overall reduction? I’m not 100% on the math off the top of my head so please correct me if I’m wrong. Light’s Decree was vastly outperforming the rest of our Azerite traits in all scenarios. It’s still the best single target and AoE trait and this change didn’t impact Ret’s viability even in higher tiered content.

Looking at my guilds personal logs and comparing last week verses this week on Heroic Champions using Champs since it’s largely a realistic patchwork fight with minimal movement, my Light’s Decree damage is almost the same but with 5 more ticks this week. I did gain 5 ilvls over the first week likely helping make up that difference already that we saw with this change. That’s with two uses of Crusade btw. Also keep in mind we’re talking about 100k damage here in a pure single target scenario in the context of Light’s Decree procs only hitting one target.

I’m aware this is just one example of my own experience but the only thing I myself have noticed a difference on is Reaping packs. I’m sure I’d notice it on Opulence if we had a consistent gem scenario across both of our kills because the Light’s Decree potential with the add spawns there is pretty insane. Please don’t take that as a slight jab Topaz holders we love and respect your sacrifice, you’re all saints but please buff me, thanks. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 