chaud2019-06-25, 07:11 AMPatch 8.2 - Professions Overview
Much like Patch 7.3 in Legion, Rise of Azshara offers a variety of new recipes and items to craft or gather.


All Kul Tiran and Zandalari professions have an additional 25 points added to the cap, for a total of 175 from 150.
New recipes have been added to each profession that require these new 25 points.
All gathering professions have new materials to collect.
There are items you can find in Nazjatar that unlock specific profession focused events. Activating these events will have you complete a task and provide a bounty of materials or benefits for your profession.



The Abyssal Focus
In Nazjatar, crafters will build up a new crafting station called the Abyssal Focus. This forge is used to craft the new raid gar instead of using consumables from the raid such as Sanguicell 


A series of quests increase the rank of the focus.

Restored Abyssal Focus - Crafts up to Item level 410 gear
Empowered Abyssal Focus - Crafts up to Item level 425 gear
Radiating Abyssal Focus - Crafts up to Item level 440 gear

Quests

The first quest to restore the focus is Ancient Technology 
After you have to collect 15 Abyssal Shard  for the quest An Abyssal Opportunity  to upgrade it.
You then are given the quest We Can Make It Stronger...  and are sent into Azshara's Eternal Palace to collect Eternal Ornament 
There is likely another step involving the raid after this quest as the previous quest only unlocks the Empowered Abyssal Focus.

Once you unlock the next rank, you can craft any gear at the focus of the allowed item level or below.



Notable Gathering Profession Additions

Mining - New Ore

Osmenite Ore 



Herbalism - New Herbs

Zin'anthid 



Skinning - New Skins

Dredged Leather 
Cragscale 



Notable Crafting Profession Additions

Alchemy

New Higher Rank Flasks and Potions such as Greater Flask of Endless Fathoms  or Superior Battle Potion of Strength 
New Alchemy Trinkets - Abyssal Alchemist Stone , Crushing Alchemist Stone , Ascended Alchemist Stone 
New Potions such as Potion of Wild Mending  and Potion of Unbridled Fury 
You can see all of the new Alchemy crafts on WoWDB 
You can see all of the new Alchemy items on WoWDB 



Blacksmithing

Crafts Recipe: Monelite Reinforced Chassis  that when combined with the engineering craft Schematic: Super-Charged Engine  creates the Xiwyllag ATV  mount.
Can craft the following mount equipment - Inflatable Mount Shoes 
You can see all of the new Blacksmithing crafts on WoWDB 
You can see all of the new Blacksmithing items on WoWDB 



Enchanting

New Weapon Enchants - Oceanic Restoration , Machinist's Brilliance , Naga Hide , and Force Multiplier 
New ring enchants provide 60 of a secondary stats. Previous ring enchants now provide 30 and 40 of a secondary stat.
Can craft the following mount equipment - Light-Step Hoofplates 
You can see all of the new Enchanting crafts on WoWDB 
You can see all of the new Enchanting items on WoWDB 



Engineering

Crafts Schematic: Super-Charged Engine  that when combined with the blacksmithing craft Recipe: Monelite Reinforced Chassis  creates the Xiwyllag ATV  mount.
New Blingtron - Blingtron 7000 
You can see all of the new Engineering crafts on WoWDB 
You can see all of the new Engineering items on WoWDB 



Inscription

Can craft contracts with Rise of Azshara reputations that give a specific reputation based on the contract by completing Battle for Azeroth world quests.
New Trinkets - Highborne Compendium of Swirling Tides , Highborne Compendium of Sundering , Highborne Compendium of Storms , and Highborne Compendium of Mystical Bulwark 
New Glyphs - Glyph of the Dark Depths , Glyph of Steaming Fury , and Glyph of the Cold Waves 
You can see all of the new Inscription crafts on WoWDB 
You can see all of the new Inscription items on WoWDB 



Jewelcrafting

A new crafted staff has been added: Notorious Combatant's Intuitive Staff 
Can craft upgraded gems such as Quick Sand Spinel  that now provide 60 to a secondary stat.
Can craft upgraded unique gems like Leviathan's Eye of Intellect  that now provide 12 to a primary stat in one gem slot.
You can see all of the new Jewelcrafting crafts on WoWDB 
You can see all of the new Jewelcrafting items on WoWDB 



Leatherworking

Can craft the following mount equipment - Comfortable Rider's Barding 
You can see all of the new Leatherworking crafts on WoWDB 
You can see all of the new Leatherworking items on WoWDB 


Tailoring

Can craft the following mount equipment - Saddlechute 
You can see all of the new Tailoring crafts on WoWDB 
You can see all of the new Tailoring items on WoWDB 



Notable Secondary Profession Additions

Cooking

New feast - Famine Evaluator And Snack Table 
All stat food has new recipes that provide more stats than their patch 8.0 equivalents.
You can see all of the new Cooking crafts on WoWDB 
You can see all of the new Cooking items on WoWDB 


Fishing

Secret Fish of Mechagon  rewards Secret Fish Goggles 
Once you have the Goggles, you can complete Secret Fish and Where to Find Them  which rewards Hyper-Compressed Ocean 