chaud2019-03-11, 06:43 AMWarlords of Draenor Timewalking Preview
With Warlords of Draenor Timewalking coming in Patch 8.1.5, we thought we would give a little preview of what to expect.

Available Dungeons

Auchindoun 
Bloodmaul Slag Mines 
The Everbloom 
Iron Docks 
Shadowmoon Burial Grounds 
Skyreach 


Vendors and Rewards
The Timewalking vendors' locations and currency rewards are:


Alliance: Tempra - Located in southwest Stormshield just outside of the inn.
Horde: Kronnus - Located in west Warspear near the entrance path to Ashran.



Mounts - 5000 Timewarped Badge  each.

Beastlord's Irontusk 
Beastlord's Warwolf 



   
 


Toys

Apexis Focusing Shard  - Use: Some luminous latent power still lingers in this splinter of an Apexis shard. 500 Timewarped Badge 
Banner of the Burning Blade  - Use: Don the banner of the Burning Blade clan. 750 Timewarped Badge 



Reputation Commendations - 50 Timewarped Badge  each.

Commendation of the Council of Exarchs  A / Commendation of the Frostwolf Orcs  H.
Commendation of the Hand of the Prophet  A / Commendation of Vol'jin's Headhunters  H.
Commendation of the Sha'tari Defense  A / Commendation of the Laughing Skull Orcs  H.
Commendation of the Arrakoa Outcasts 
Commendation of the Order of the Awakened 
Commendation of the Saberstalkers 
Commendation of the Steamwheedle Preservation Society 



Gear

25 Timewarped Badge  each.

Cave Keeper Wraps 
Dented Ogre Skullcap 
Dragonrider's Tinkered Leggings 
Fine Void-Chain Cinch 
Frogskin Diving Cap 
Hershak's Heavy Legguards 
Ironstudded Scale Girdle 
Krag'goth's Iron Gauntlets 
Krud's Girthy Girdle 
Mo'gruth's Discarded Parade Helm 
Positive Pantaloons 
Rattlekilt 
Serpentine Gloves 
Twisted Taboo Handwraps 
Whitesea's Waistwrap 
Zorkra's Hood 

50 Timewarped Badge  each.

Shadowspeaker's Shard 
Shard of Scorn 

100 Timewarped Badge  each.

Blammo's Blammer 
Forgotten Champion's Blade 




Heirloom Upgrades

Level 90

Ancient Heirloom Armor Casing  - 750 Timewarped Badge 
Ancient Heirloom Scabbard  - 900 Timewarped Badge 

Level 100

Timeworn Heirloom Armor Casing  - 1000 Timewarped Badge 
Timeworn Heirloom Scabbard  - 1200 Timewarped Badge 

Level 110

Weathered Heirloom Armor Casing  - 1000 Timewarped Badge 
Weathered Heirloom Scabbard  - 1200 Timewarped Badge 

Level 120

Battle-Hardened Heirloom Armor Casing  - 1000 Timewarped Badge 
Battle-Hardened Heirloom Scabbard  - 1200 Timewarped Badge 