Stoy2019-01-03, 10:53 PMBattle of Dazar’alor Raid Preview and Schedule
The Alliance strikes at the heart of the Zandalari empire in the Battle of Dazar’alor, a new raid that provides both Horde and Alliance players with unique encounters for their faction—along with the opportunity to play through events from the opposite faction’s viewpoint. 

Battle of Dazar’alor
For ages untold, Dazar’alor has stood at the center of the great and powerful Zandalari empire. Its guards have thwarted numerous attempts on King Rastakhan’s life, and it has endured trials both ancient and new. But as war reaches the shores of Zuldazar, the Alliance embarks on a daring gambit to besiege the golden pyramid and sever the Zandalari’s bond to the Horde.

Raid bosses: 9
Difficulties: Raid Finder, Normal, Heroic, Mythic
Level: 120
Raid Finder Minimum Item Level: 350

Raid Unlock Schedule
January 23 – Normal and Heroic Difficulties
January 30 – Mythic and Raid Finder Wing 1
February 13 – Raid Finder Wing 2
February 27 – Raid Finder Wing 3


 


Horde players will begin the raid by defending against an invasion in the northern jungle of Zuldazar in the Defense of Dazar’alor.

In the heart of Zuldazar the tables will turn, and Horde players will experience the story—and a trio of encounters—from the perspective of the Alliance. During this middle act, Death’s Bargain, Horde characters will transform into soldiers of the opposite faction including their associated racials based on their race:

Blood Elf: Most blood elf players will transform into humans, while demon hunters will become night elves.
Goblin: Goblin heroes will transform into gnomes, except for hunters and shaman, who will become dwarves.
Orc: These players will transform to dwarves. Talk about a shift in perspective.
Pandaren: Pandaren will stay as pandaren.
Tauren: Most tauren will turn into draenei, while draenei druids will become night elves.
Troll: Trolls will mostly transform into night elves; troll shaman will become draenei, and warlocks will become human.
Undead: These players will transform into humans.

Then, in the final act, Victory or Death, the Horde will once again play as themselves as they attempt to push the Alliance back from the High Seat—eventually confronting several key Alliance leaders.

Defense of Dazar’alor: Champion of the Light; Grong, the Jungle Lord; Jadefire Masters
The city faces a cowardly Alliance attack, and the Horde’s brave champions are the only ones who can break the siege.

Champion of the Light
As vanguard for the Alliance’s assault on Dazar’alor, Frida Ironbellows leads her troops with fervor and conviction. Her battle prowess and unwavering faith in the light make her a force to be reckoned with.

Grong, the Jungle Lord
After volunteering to become a living superweapon, the once intelligent Grong devolved into a giant rampaging behemoth. But through his mind may have deteriorated, Grong’s strength is more immense than it has ever been.

Jadefire Masters
Though they began training together only recently, Manceroy and Mestrah have perfected their teamwork and now present a united front. With both fire and fists, they stand ready to strike down any who challenge the Alliance.

Death’s Bargain: Opulence, Conclave of the Chosen, King Rastakhan
Witness King Rastakhan's defiant stand against the bloodthirsty Alliance invaders.

Opulence
Long ago, King Dazar had his golden treasury enchanted so that it would rise against anyone except its rightful owner. Many an unsuspecting thief has been slain by the very riches they coveted, serving as an important lesson to those who would steal from the throne.

Conclave of the Chosen
Deep within Dazar’alor lies a chamber built to honor six of Zandalar’s greatest loa, guarded by their most devout followers. Trespassers who dare enter this sacred hall are soon met with primal fury like none they have ever seen.

King Rastakhan
For over two hundred years, King Rastakhan has ruled the Zandalari empire. Since the Fall of Rezan, he has turned to a new patron—Bwonsamdi, the loa of death. The dark bargain he has made grants him the power to crush his enemies . . . but at what cost?

Victory or Death: High Tinker Mekkatorque, Stormwall Blockade, Lady Jaina Proudmoore
King Rastakhan has been slain, and those responsible must be brought to justice before they can escape.

High Tinker Mekkatorque
Unrivaled in their ingenuity, Gelbin Mekkatorque’s inventions have been instrumental to the Alliance’s attack on Dazar’alor. His state-of-the-art armor is outfitted with the latest—and deadliest—ordnance that gnomish engineering can offer.

Stormwall Blockade
Tidepriest Joseph and Tidepriestess Katherine are devout worshippers of the waves. These proud Kul Tirans would gladly risk their lives to ensure the safety of their compatriots. Their command over sea and storm is awesome to behold, as are the ancient and powerful rituals they practice.

Lady Jaina Proudmoore
As the Alliance fleet withdraws from Dazar’alor, Lady Jaina Proudmoore stays behind with a handful of Kul Tiran vessels to slow the Horde’s pursuit. Storm clouds gather overhead as Jaina leads her pursuers deeper into the Great Sea, where she will attempt to turn the odds in her favor.


 

The Alliance is set to stage an attack on the heart of the Zandalari empire in a bid to sever the ties of the Zandalari and the Horde. They’ll begin with a naval strike on the docks of Dazar’alor in the Siege of Dazar’alor and push their way toward Rastakhan’s throne room in the heart of Dazar’alor in Empire’s Fall.

To cap off the event, players will speak to a scout to shift to the Horde perspective and take on the final three Alliance bosses. During this final act, Might of the Alliance, Alliance characters will transform into soldiers of the opposite faction including their associated racials based on their race:

Draenei: These players will transform into tauren, save for mages, who will become orcs.
Dwarf: Most dwarves will turn into orcs; paladins will become tauren, priests will become undead.
Gnome: These players will transform into goblins, except for monks, who will become blood elves.
Human: Most humans will become undead, but paladins will become blood elves.
Night Elf: Night elf players will transform into trolls, except for demon hunters, who will become blood elves.
Pandaren: Pandaren will stay as pandaren.
Worgen: All worgen players will transform into trolls.

Siege of Dazar’alor: Champion of the Light; Jadefire Masters; Grong, the Revenant
With the bulk of Rastakhan's forces lured into Nazmir, the time has come to storm the city.

Champion of the Light
Ra’wani and her troops are the first line of defense against the Alliance, sworn to lay down their lives for their city. Standing together, they empower and heal each other while fending off the incoming invaders.

Jadefire Masters
To the untrained eye, Ma’ra Grimfang and Anathos Firecaller may seem like a mismatched pair. The truth, however, is that their coordination is second to none. Their combined assault is powerful enough to level the most formidable foes.

Grong, the Revenant
Once willing to sacrifice everything to serve the Alliance, the mighty Grong has been raised form the dead and pitted against his former friends. Fighting on behalf of the Horde would be anathema to this noble soul, whose only hope for release is a clean death.

Empire’s Fall: Opulence, Conclave of the Chosen, King Rastakhan
Ancient treasures lie deep within the halls of the palace. But beware, for they are guarded by the wrath of the loa.

Opulence
Long ago, King Dazar had his golden treasury enchanted so that it would rise against anyone except its rightful owner. Many an unsuspecting thief has been slain by the very riches they coveted, serving as an important lesson to those who would steal from the throne.

Conclave of the Chosen
Deep within Dazar’alor lies a chamber built to honor six of Zandalar’s greatest loa, guarded by their most devout followers. Trespassers who dare enter this sacred hall are soon met with primal fury like none they have ever seen.

King Rastakhan
For over two hundred years, King Rastakhan has ruled the Zandalari empire. Since the Fall of Rezan, he has turned to a new patron—Bwonsamdi, the loa of death. The dark bargain he has made grants him the power to crush his enemies . . . but at what cost?

Might of the Alliance: High Tinker Mekkatorque, Stormwall Blockade, Lady Jaina Proudmoore
Witness the Horde's savagery as they strike at the valiant heroes of the Alliance.

High Tinker Mekkatorque
Unrivaled in their ingenuity, Gelbin Mekkatorque’s inventions have been instrumental to the Alliance’s attack on Dazar’alor. His state-of-the-art armor is outfitted with the latest—and deadliest—ordnance that gnomish engineering can offer.

Stormwall Blockade
Tidepriest Joseph and Tidepriestess Katherine are devout worshippers of the waves. These proud Kul Tirans would gladly risk their lives to ensure the safety of their compatriots. Their command over sea and storm is awesome to behold, as are the ancient and powerful rituals they practice.

Lady Jaina Proudmoore
As the Alliance fleet withdraws from Dazar’alor, Lady Jaina Proudmoore stays behind with a handful of Kul Tiran vessels to slow the Horde’s pursuit. Storm clouds gather overhead as Jaina leads her pursuers deeper into the Great Sea, where she will attempt to turn the odds in her favor.

New Achievements

All Difficulties
Victory or Death: Defeat the following bosses in the Battle of Dazar’alor—Mekkatorque, Stormwall Blockade, Lady Jaina Proudmoore.
Death’s Bargain: Witness the retelling of your allies’ heroic efforts in the Battle of Dazar’alor—Opulence, Conclave of the Chosen, King Rastakhan. Horde Only
Empire’s Fall: Defeat the following bosses in the Battle of Dazar’alor—Opulence, Loa Council, King Rastakhan. Alliance Only
Defense of Dazar’alor: Defeat the following bosses in the Battle of Dazar’alor—Champion of the Light, Grong, Jadefire Masters. Horde Only
Siege of Dazar’alor: Defeat the following bosses in the Battle of Dazar’alor—Champion of the Light, Grong the Revenant, Jadefire Masters. Alliance Only
Might of the Alliance: Witness the retelling of your allies’ valiant efforts in the Battle of Dazar’alor—Mekkatorque, Stormwall Blockade, Lady Jaina Proudmoore. Alliance Only

Normal Difficulty or Above
Snow Fun Allowed: Build a Frosty Snowmon then destroy it before defeating Jaina Proudmoore in the Battle of Dazar’alor on Normal difficulty or higher.
De Lurker Be’loa: Fish up the De Lurker Be’loa, then defeat the Stormwall Blockade on Normal difficulty or higher.
I Got Next!: Defeat High Tinker Mekkatorque in the Battle of Dazar’alor after defeating the Blingtron MK2 on Normal difficulty or higher.
We Got Spirit, How About You?: Defeat King Rastakhan with the Phantom of Retribution, Phantom of Rage, and Phantom of Slaughter still alive on Normal Difficulty or higher.
Walk the Dinosaur: Defeat the Conclave of the Chosen in the Battle of Dazar’alor without killing all the initial raptors summoned by Gonk’s Wrath on Normal difficulty or higher.
Praise the Sunflower: Defeat the Opulence in the Battle of Dazar’alor after /praising a Singing Sunflower while under the effects of Brilliant Aura on Normal difficulty or higher.
Hidden Dragon: Hatch the cloud serpent egg during the Jadefire Masters encounter in the Battle of Dazar’alor on Normal difficulty or higher.
Barrel of Monkeys: Defeat Grong in the Battle of Dazar’alor after destroying 6 Barrels on Normal difficulty or higher.
Can I Get a Hek Hek Hek Yeah?: Defeat the Champion of the Light in the Battle of Dazar’alor after stealing 3 shinies from each of the Crusaders, Disciples, and Champion of the Light on Normal difficulty or higher.

Mythic Difficulty
Mythic: Lady Jaina Proudmoore: Defeat Lady Jaina Proudmoore in the Battle of Dazar’alor on Mythic difficulty. [Title Reward] Hero of Dazar’alor
Mythic: Stormwall Blockade: Defeat the Stormwall Blockade in the Battle of Dazar’alor on Mythic difficulty.
Mythic: Mekkatorque: Defeat Gelbin Mekkatorque in the Battle of Dazar’alor on Mythic difficulty.
Mythic: King Rastakhan: Defeat King Rastakhan in the Battle of Dazar’alor on Mythic difficulty.
Mythic: Opulence: Defeat Opulence in the Battle of Dazar’alor on Mythic difficulty.
Mythic: Conclave of the Chosen: Defeat Conclave of the Chosen in the Battle of Dazar’alor on Mythic difficulty.
Mythic: Jadefire Masters: Defeat Mestrah, the Illuminated and Manceroy Flamefist in the Battle of Dazar’alor on Mythic difficulty. Horde Only
Mythic: Jadefire Masters: Defeat Ma’ra Grimfang and Anathos Firecaller in the Battle of Dazar’alor on Mythic difficulty. Alliance Only
Mythic Grong: Defeat Grong in the Battle of Dazar’alor on Mythic difficulty.
Mythic: Champion of the Light: Defeat the Champion of the Light in the Battle of Dazar’alor on Mythic difficulty.

We look forward to taking you into the heart of the Zandalari empire when the Battle of Dazar’alor opens beginning on January 23.