Stoy2019-01-10, 06:54 PMStory and Lore Developer Live Stream
Cinematic Project Director Terran Gregory and Senior Game Designer Steve Danuser sat down to discuss the story and lore of World of Warcraft!


<iframe src="" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true" scrolling="no" height="506" width="900"></iframe><a href="" style="padding:2px 0px 4px; display:block; width:345px; font-weight:normal; font-size:10px; text-decoration:underline;"></a>


The Process

The in game story is planned out months and sometimes years in advance.
Cinematics have always functioned as an important point in a story in Blizzard games' history, and it started with the Wrathgate in WoW.
The game can create good ambient story, but cinematics shine in telling the more emotional story points.

Story in Battle for Azeroth

Bfa was a good opportunity to bring Jaina back into the story and develop all the different experiences she has had throughout the story.
People have strong feelings about the state of the Horde right now, and the conflict allows good storytelling and depth to develop.
The two philosophies of honor and conquest is the core of the ongoing story within the Horde.
Zekhan was already planned to be in Old Soldier as Saurfang's counterpart before players fell in love with him.
Bwonsamdi was influenced a lot by how his voice actor embodied him.
Christie Golden wrote the dialogue for the Bwonsamdi and Rastakhan cinematic.
There will be a lot more interaction between Talanji and Bwonsamdi going forward.
Flynn was super fun to develop as a counterpart to Talia.

Cinematics and Cutscenes

Prior cinematics were pretty self contained, but as the story has progressed, a lot of cinematics have bridged to the next.
The team has weekly meetings where multiple departments discuss the cinematics being developed and how to improve them.
Cataclysm was when a lot of the new cutscene technology was developed and this is why there are a lot of in game scenes Uldum because they team had a new toy that they ran wild with.
The Terror of Darkshore cutscene was a moment to show the ferocity of the night elves seen in past games.

Customization

The night warrior customization was a way for players to support Tyrande's transformation and vengeance for Teldrassil.
Golden eyed Blood Elves was a story choice to represent the light's role in the cleansing of the Sunwell.

Storytelling

The team wanted to let the player have some agency in the direction of the Horde and not just watching it develop.
Perspective has a major role in storytelling. There can be a difference between a character making a mistake and a write making one.
The Saurfang quest is not necessarily fundamentally changing the questing system of the game, but it was a moment to add meaningful choices to the story. 
Choices will be used when it makes sense to create a more invested story.
The payoff for your choices will be meaningful.
There are moments in the Battle for Dazar'alor that haven't been seen yet. Terran showed off his Mekkatorque shirt with a "hint hint" when he said this.
Olds Gods and Azshara are coming!
The war between the Horde and Alliance will culminate in something deep and meaningful.
There is so much passion and love for the characters on the team and they want to do right by them.
Christie Golden coming on board was a huge win for the story team.
The team hopes that when Battle for Azeroth's story concludes and the "last funeral pyre is lit" players will have seen it as a great story that changed the world of Azeroth.