Stoy2019-05-08, 12:26 PMPatch 8.2 PTR - Benthic Gear Preview
Patch 8.2 introduces Benthic gear, which is catch up gear similar to the unsullied and relinquished gear from Argus. However, there is a little more to it than that.


   


Nazjatar introduces a new currency called Prismatic Manapearl , which is obtained through many different methods while questing and exploring the zone.
Benthic gear can be purchased from a vendor in your faction's Nazjatar hub for 5 Prismatic Manapearl  each.

Alliance - Artisan Itanu
Horde - Finder Palta



   


Benthic gear starts at item level 385.
Benthic gear can also be obtained from world quests.


 


List of Benthic Gear:

Benthic Girdle 
Benthic Bracers 
Benthic Helm 
Benthic Chestguard 
Benthic Cloak 
Benthic Leggings 
Benthic Treads 
Benthic Spaulders 
Benthic Gauntlets 

There are no weapons, rings, or trinkets via Benthic gear. However, these items can be obtained through Mechagon content.
Benthic gear can be upgraded all the way to item level 430 via:

Azsharan Pearling Kit  - Empower a Benthic item from Nazjatar, making it Pearled and increasing its item level to 400. Costs 20 Prismatic Manapearl 
Azsharan Pearling Enhancement  - Empower a Pearled item from Nazjatar, increasing its item level by 5, up to a maximum of 430. Costs 10 Prismatic Manapearl 
Azsharan Azerite Pearling Enhancement  - Empower a Pearled Azerite item from Nazjatar, increasing its item level by 15, up to a maximum of 430. Costs 30 Prismatic Manapearl 

Benthic gear have predetermined stats, meaning there is no RNG to which stats you will get on each slot.
Benthic gear also have useful special abilities on certain slots:

Cloaks

Trader's Stock  - You have access to Murloc traders' special stocks.
Fishy Fiends  - You have a chance to loot a random fish from creatures in Nazjatar and The Eternal Palace.
Frost Resistance  - Frost damage taken is reduced by 2% while in Nazjatar and the Eternal Palace.
Resurrect Health  - Increases health gained when resurrected by 30% while in Nazjatar and the Eternal Palace.

Feet

Sea Floor Acrobatics  - Your falling damage is reduced in Nazjatar and The Eternal Palace.
Aberration Master  - Gain 81 Mastery for 6 seconds after killing an Aberration in Nazjatar and the Eternal Palace.

Gloves

Shadow Resistance  - Shadow damage taken is reduced by 2% while in Nazjatar and the Eternal Palace.
Elemental Instincts  - You are more likely to find strange resources related to Mardivas.

Legs

Seabed Runner  - Your Speed is increased by 95 while in Nazjatar and the Eternal Palace.
Swimmer's Legs  - You are 5% larger while in Nazjatar and The Eternal Palace.

Waist

Damage to Aberrations  - You do increased damage to Aberrations in Nazjatar and the Eternal Palace.

Wrists

Intra-Ocean Navigation  - Your swim speed is increased in Nazjatar and The Eternal Palace.
Frost Resistance  - Frost damage taken is reduced by 2% while in Nazjatar and the Eternal Palace.





Raid Testing Schedule - May 9th - 10th
On Thursday, May 9th and Friday May 10th, we will be conducting out first raid tests of The Eternal Palace.

Thursday, May 9th
Abyssal Commander Sivara - Heroic Eternal Palace
13:00 PDT 16:00 EDT, 22:00 CEST

Lady Ashvane - Heroic Eternal Palace
14:00 PDT 17:00 EDT, 23:00 CEST

Friday, May 10th
Orgozoa - Heroic Eternal Palace
13:00 PDT 16:00 EDT, 22:00 CEST

Radiance of Azshara - Heroic Eternal Palace
14:00 PDT 17:00 EDT, 23:00 CEST

As always, this testing schedule is very fluid and subject to the realities of a test environment. We might have to change the time of a testing session, change the bosses being tested, or cancel a test entirely, due to bugs, server hardware issues, etc. Keep an eye on this forum for the latest information, and thank you in advance for testing and providing feedback.

Q: How do I get into the raid zone?
A: In Zuldazar, Boralus, Dalaran, Orgrimmar, or Stormwind, you may speak to Nexus-Lord Donjon Rade III in order to teleport into the raid zone while it is open for testing. The option to teleport into a zone will not be available when the zone is not open for testing.

Q: What character should I use to test the raid?
A: Whichever you prefer. We will be scaling players’ effective level to 120 for raid testing, and their item level to an appropriate threshold for the encounters being tested.

Q: How long does testing last?
A: The primary purpose of testing is to give us the information we need to balance the encounters, evaluate how mechanics are playing out in practice, and identify bugs. Once we’re satisfied that we’ve received that information for a given boss, we’ll be shutting down testing. Usually this takes anywhere from 45 minutes to 2 hours, but there are no guarantees.


Dark Legacy Comics #677
DLC #677  has been released.


 