Stoy2019-05-03, 12:43 AMChildren's Week 2019
Children's Week is back again from May 2nd to May 9th. This year has a new set of quest chains for Kul Tiran and Zandalari Orphans!

New in 2019

Four New Battle Pets

Beakbert  Beakbert 
Froglet  Slimy Pouch 
Mr. Crabs  Sandy Hermit Crab Shell 
Scaley  Enchanted Saurolisk Scale 




       
   



New Quests

Alliance - Orphan Matron Westerson  in Kul Tiras

The Mountain Folk: Take Liam to meet the Roughnecks at the Roughneck Camp in Tiragarde Sound.
Yo Ho, Yo Ho!: Take Liam to meet a pirate outside of Freehold in Tiragarde Sound.
The Squid Shrine: Take Liam to see Shrine of the Storms from the beach near Mariner's Strand in Stormsong Valley.
Bird Friends: Take Liam to see the statue of Arom Waycrest at Arom's Stand in Drustvar.
Shapeshifters!: Take Liam to meet a druid at Ulfar's Den in Drustvar.

Horde - Caretaker Padae  in Dazar'alor

Loa of Winds: Take Azala to Pterror Rise in Zuldazar.
The Shifting Pack: Take Azala to the Lair of Gonk at the Garden of the Loa in Zuldazar.
The Frogmarsh: Take Azala to Krag'wa's Burrow in the Frogmarsh in Nazmir.
The Sethrak Queen: Take Azala to the Terrace of the Devoted in Vol'dun.
Hunting for Gold: Take Azala to The Golden Isle in Vol'dun.




For previous Children's Week guides click the banner below.


 


Children’s Week Has Arrived! May 2-May 9
It’s time to give back to the children of Azeroth during Children’s Week! Take an orphan under your wing and show them the wonders of the world.

Throughout the year, the orphans of Azeroth spend much of their time wandering their home cities, dreaming of the day they’ll be old enough and big enough to go out into the world to experience the adventures and marvels they’ve missed as children. During Children’s Week, the giving souls of the Horde and the Alliance can help make those dreams come true.

What’s New
This year players are able to give back to the Kul Tiran and Zandalari children, who will accompany volunteers on two new quest lines.

Alliance adventurers will meet Liam, a Kul Tiran child who wants help deciding what kind of person he wants to be when he grows up. You’ll escort him all over the island and introduce him to pirates, tidesages, the Roughneck gryphon riders, Arom’s Stand falconers, and the Thornspeaker druids.

Heroes of the Horde will take a casteless Zandalari child, Azala, across Zuldazar to help her choose a loa. Soar Pa’ku’s skies, speak with Gonk, hop over to Krag’wa, unearth treasure in The Golden Isle, and steal from Sethraliss.

Charitable players who complete the quest lines can earn four new pets: Mr. Crabs, Beakbert, Froglet, and Scaley.

Speak with Orphan Matron Westerson or Padae in Zuldazar to embark on these new quest lines.


 

Traveling with orphans is now easier than ever! All orphans except Wolvar and Oracle now have their own mounts, making it all that much easier to show them the wonders of Azeroth.

Overview

When: May 2–May 9
Levels: Available to characters level 10 or above
Where:

Kul Tiran and Zandalari: Orphan Matron Westerson in Boralus to start the new Kul Tiran orphan quest line; Padae in Zuldazar to start the new Zandalari orphan quest line
Human and Orc: Orphan Matron Nightingale in Stormwind; Orphan Matron Battlewail in Orgrimmar
Draenei and Blood Elf: Orphan Matron Mercy in Shattrath
Wolvar and Oracle: Orphan Matron Aria in Dalaran.


Pets


 

Showing your orphaned child around can be beneficial to you and the child. Once you’ve completed the various quests associated with this event, you’ll have a choice of several pets to add to your Battle Pet collection:

Boralus and Zuldazar: Mr. Crabs, Beakbert, Froglet, and Scaley
Orgrimmar and Stormwind: Whiskers the Rat, Speedy, Scooter the Snail, Mr. Wiggles
Shattrath: Egbert, Peanut, Willy, Legs
Dalaran Northrend: Curious Oracle Hatchling, Curious Wolvar Pup

If you’ve collected all these pets through the years—including the four new ones from this year—you’ll be rewarded with the Pet Care Package which provides a variety of items, including pug costumes, Magical Pet Biscuit, and a Flawless Battle-Stone.

Achievements

Meta-Achievement: For the Children
Complete the following Children’s Week achievements listed below, and you’ll earn the title reward of Matron or Patron: Home Alone; Daily Chores; School of Hard Knocks; Bad Example; Aw, Isn’t It Cute?; and Hail to the King, Baby.

Home Alone Part of the Meta-Achievement
Use your Hearthstone while your orphan is with you.

Daily Chores Part of the Meta-Achievement
Complete five daily quests with your orphan out.

School of Hard Knocks Part of the Meta-Achievement
Take your orphan into the Battlegrounds and complete the feats listed below:

Capture the flag in Eye of the Storm, assault a tower in Alterac Valley, assault a flag in Arathi Basin, return a fallen flag in Warsong Gulch


Bad Example Part of the Meta-Achievement
Eat the sweets listed below while your orphan is watching.

Tigule and Foror’s Strawberry Ice Cream, Tasty Cupcake, Red Velvet Cupcake, Delicious Chocolate Cake, Lovely Cake Slice, Dalaran Brownie, Dalaran Doughnut


Aw, Isn’t It Cute? Part of the Meta-Achievement 
Obtain one of the Children’s Week reward pets through questing.

Hail to the King, Baby Part of the Meta-Achievement
Defeat King Ymiron in Utgarde Pinnacle with your orphan out.

Veteran Nanny 
Acquire Egbert’s Egg, Sleepy Willy, and Elekk Training Collar on one character.

These are the items that unlock the battle pets Egbert, Willy, and Peanut.


Activities
Many orphans wish they had someone special to show them the wonders of the world. Throughout the year, they often spend their time wandering around their home cities of Stormwind or Orgrimmar, dreaming of the day they’ll be old enough and big enough to go out into the world to seek the adventures and sights they’ve missed as a child. During Children’s Week, the giving souls of the Horde and the Alliance can help make those dreams true.

Visit Famous Landmarks: Talk to either Orphan Matron Nightingale in Stormwind Alliance or Orphan Matron Battlewail in Orgrimmar Horde to pick up a new little buddy you can guide around Azeroth and Outland.

Achievements! Earn many fun achievements while traveling around the world with your orphan by your side.