chaud2018-10-30, 07:27 PMBlizzCon 2018 Expectations & Security Updates
Hey guys! Just wanted to take some time to set some expectations ahead of time when it comes to all of the announcements and discussions when it comes to what we’ll be talking about at BlizzCon this weekend, as well as remind everybody of some changes when it comes to security this year for attendees.

As you all are probably aware, we’ve been hard at work on the upcoming Tides of Vengeance content update. We are very excited for this update and it is very much our immediate focus and will continue to be until after we’ve delivered it to you all. At BlizzCon you’ll be hearing us talk mainly about what comes after Tides of Vengeance. We do plan on discussing some of it, but as many of you know, BlizzCon is where we typically talk about longer term goals and plans. The feedback you all have given us about Battle for Azeroth is something we are very grateful for and we can’t wait for you to experience everything coming with Tides of Vengeance.

For those at home on the Virtual Ticket, please let us know what you think about all the things we share that are upcoming for World of Warcraft.

As for the security updates I mentioned earlier, we recently posted a blog on the BlizzCon site that I want to mirror to increase awareness. We’ve enhanced our security this year so I want to make sure to mention that you guys should look at arriving earlier than previous years especially if you’re wanting to catch the opening ceremony live on Friday.

As for the measures we’ve added Metal Detectors as well as Bag Checks at every point of entrance this year. For any additional information about locations of entrances, ADA accessibility, cosplay check-ins, and restrictions, please check out the post on the BlizzCon site about the updates to the usual processes this year:


For those who are coming out to Anaheim for the show, we look forward to meeting you and spending the weekend geeking out with you.

Enjoy the show everyone!