Stoy2019-07-11, 01:49 AMPatch 8.2 Hotfixes - July 10th, 2019
Battle Pets

Budding Algan and Brinestone Algan are no longer unique pets, and can now be collected in multiples or caged like other pets. 


Creatures and NPCs

Seaspray Champions no longer chase players beyond their home turf. 
Vyz’olgo the Mind-Taker’s Mind Drain now clears if the target enters an instance. 


Dungeons and Raids

Azshara’s Eternal Palace

Blackwater Behemoth

Blackwater Behemoth no longer emerges from his cave until creatures leading up to him have been killed.

Operation: Mechagon

Fixed a bug during the HK-9 Aerial Oppression Unit encounter that caused only two Walkie Shockie X2s to spawn after an intermission instead of three.




Items

Heart of Azeroth

Vision of Perfection Essence now correctly reduces the cooldown of Discipline Priests’ Mindbender.

Fixed a bug that allowed weapons imbued with Enchant – Weapon: Naga Hide to proc from damaging abilities.
Tidalcores again drop from Mythic dungeons.
Ripple in Space Essence now displays its teleport visual marker to all players. 
Sticky Seaweed is now more abundant in Nazjatar.
Fixed a bug where Abyssal, Charged, and A5C-3N-D3D Goggles crafted by Engineers had incorrect requirements to unlock some of their Azerite traits.
Tortollan Tank Dweller, Thin Air Flounder, and Well Lurker should be easier to collect now.


Player versus Player

Warsong Gulch

Individual player Flag Capture and Flag Returns are now properly displayed on the scoreboard.



Quests

Amethyst Spireshells and Mirecrawlers should be easier to knock off ceilings in Nazjatar.
Fixed a bug that caused the player to see a generic island instead of the dock area in “Worldvein Rumors”. 
Hand of Neptulon no longer kills players during “The Lords of Water”.
The Soulbound quest items acquired during “Factory Refurbished” Tempered Plating, Machined Gear Assembly, and Hardened Spring have been removed. The non-Soulbound versions of these items now satisfy the quests involving these items.
Players should now transition seamlessly out of the cutscene that plays when throwing the Javelin of Suramar during "The Tide Turns" or "Changing Tides."
Abducted Vaultbots now reward their rescuers with Junkyard Tinkering consumables once a day during "Abduction Reduction".


World Quests

The number of Shirakess Grimoires required for the world quest "Overdue" has been reduced.
Hefty Glimmershells obtained during “A Steamy Situation” no longer disappear prematurely if the player leaves the quest area. 

Hefty Glimmershells now disappear after 24 hours.

Abyssal Commander Sivara has unleashed a new wave of snapdragons into the streets of Nar'anan, resulting in more targets during "Time to Krill".
Chitterspine Crabs should no longer hide just outside of line of sight range during "Hungry Hungry Hydras".



Blue Posts
What happened to stealth?
Since 8.2 I have had so many stealth, prowling, and feign death fails I have lost track. Did these abilities get a serious reconfiguration or can I just blame this on the terrible bodyguard system that has been forced on us in Nazjatar?

Sometimes the bodyguard feigns death too, but more often than not they do not. My druid and rogue have also had their prowl, stealth, and vanish abilities completely thrown out the window during gameplay with one of these bodyguards around. Sometimes an enemy will find me from distances where it seems like I should have escaped their threat already anyhow.
This is something that we are actively working on. We hope to have a hotfix out soon that will help your follower vanish so keep an eye out for it. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 


[Bug] Berserker Stance
Modifiers to Critical Strike chance are reduced against enemies 3 levels higher than the player-character. We tested a variety of modifiers to Critical Strike, such as: Berserker Stance, the Cruelty talent, and critical strike chance on gear. They all behaved the same as they did in 1.12, so we’ve concluded that there’s no bug here. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

I’m not going to get too deep into the specific math on this one, but for the sake of clarity, I’ll say that this is not a per-aura modifier and it is separate than the 3% suppression that is baseline against +3 level creatures. There is a single modifier placed on total Critical Strike gained from auras that increase Crit chance such as those I listed in my last post. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 