chaud2018-12-09, 12:23 PMPatch 8.1 - The Fate of Saurfang Quest Chain
The quest chain that continues Saurfang's story is available in Patch 8.1. Spoilers ahead!


The Dark Lady Calls and The High Overlord - Dark Ranger Alina on the docks of Dazar'alor has you go see Sylvanas in Orgrimmar. She sends you to Elwynn Forest to meet with one of her rangers as reports have surfaced that Saurfang has escaped custody.
A Way Out, On Track, and Eastern Escape - You meet Dark Ranger Lyana outside Stormwind and investigate the area for signs of where Saurfang went. Following tracks and a recently used lock points to an escape through the sewer.
Corner Crossing, Signs of Saurfang, Ever Eastward, and Tracking Tipoff - The search leads you to Redridge Mountain where you disguise yourselves as humans and question the local guards and townsfolk. After taking out a giant spider that Saurfang had injured, you question Hunter Mcalister, but kill him when his dogs identify you.
Grim Tidings, A Warrior's Death, and Queen's Favor - Lyana leaves to report to Sylvanas and Zekhan appears, revealing that Saurfang is hiding in the Swamp of Sorrows. You arrive as the Dark Rangers prepare to capture or kill him and help defend Saurfang. Afterwards, he wants you and Zekhan to remain in the Warchief's favor and bruises you as a ploy to convince her that you didn't help. He then runs off after saying you will see him again. You return to Sylvanas who is irritated, but insists he will be found.
Completing this quest chain rewards you with Worn Cloak 



<div class="gallery" id="gallery-TFoS">          
          
          
          
          
          
          </div>


Alternative Choice
When you reach the point in the quest chain where you talk to Zekhan, you can choose to side with Sylvanas instead of continuing the quest and helping Saurfang. If you choose this, several things happen:


You receive the quest For the Queen and head straight to Sylvanas instead of continuing the quest and helping Saurfang.
A message tells you that you will not receive the Worn Cloak , will start an alternate quest, and Zekhan will remember your choice.



    
   