Stoy2018-06-09, 12:59 PMMistweaver Monk Feedback - Battle for Azeroth
Next build will try 2 charges on Renewing Mist, and Uplifting Trance removed.

A little background for interest:
We try to be really careful about adding charges to baseline spells, since it's a higher-complexity mechanic than simply having a cooldown. Essentially every spell is slightly more efficient with charges, since you don't get the little bit of slippage when the cooldown comes up each time, and you can better sync it with other effects. So it's always an attractive ask, because adding charges to anything improves spec performance. Renewing Mist is a better case due to bad feeling of every second lost slightly reducing Vivify efficiency for 20s, and this also helps the weirdness of wanting to start ramping it up 20s before any pull.

Uplifting Trance was added in Legion to try to give something that enforced a little more spell variance pushing Vivify to top priority sometimes and not other times. By now, there are so many more spell interactions contributing to the "weaving" part of Mistweaving Essence Font buffs other spells, Soothing Mist empowers other spells, Renewing Mist improves Vivify, etc. that button choice is richer without sticking a proc in there. Since other things control when you want to use Vivify, this just feels like random variance that you can't control.


Brewmaster Monk Feedback - Battle for Azeroth
Various things to expect next build:

New talent: Guard replacing Elusive Dance on L100. "Guard against future attacks, causing the next X damage you Stagger to instead be prevented." 30s cooldown.
The Guard Honor Talent will be renamed.

New talent: Spitfire replacing Gift of the Mists on L45. "Tiger Palm has a 25% chance to reset the cooldown of Breath of Fire."

Part of the value of Black Ox Brew is being moved baseline, by lengthening its cooldown to 2 minutes, and speeding up the baseline recharge time of Brews. This should help the row be more competitive, without losing total Brew charges.

Ironskin Brew's duration will come up to 7, also freeing up more Brew charges.

Blackout Combo no longer buffs Purifying Brew. This usage wound up mostly being a trap, and 4 modes still a good amount of choice for the talent.

Gift of the Ox healing increased about 30%. We expect the overall spawn rate to be lower than Legion, and this helps make up for that.

Balancing is still preliminary, but a few tweaks on that front:
HP reduced for Brewmaster by around 10%. Brewmaster's heavy resistance to killing spikes means they're not a tank that needs as high an HP pool. This does have the side effect of making Ox orbs spawn slightly more often.
Stagger's effectiveness against Magic brought back up to 35%.


Protection Paladin Feedback - Battle for Azeroth
We are looking at a change to Block for all classes, where it would not share DR with your base armor. This won't be in the next build though.

The next build will slightly increase the value of the Consecration effect from mastery. There's a disadvantage to having the mastery split between two effects, where each is weaker than it otherwise would be. But we also want to be careful with making Consecration's damage reduction too strong, where the damage swing in stepping in/out of it might be uncomfortable again.