Stoy2019-06-24, 03:00 AMPatch 8.2 - Rise of Azshara Live This Week!
Patch 8.2 - Rise of Azshara is live this week!


Official Patch Notes - Read the official patch notes for Patch 8.2.
Two New Zones - Nazjatar and Mechagon - Take a look at the new zones of Patch 8.2!
Heart of Azeroth - Essences - Your Heart of Azeroth is getting new abilities in 8.2!
Heart of Azeroth - Magni Quest Chain - Take a look at the quest chain from Magni to unlock essences.
The War Campaign Continues - The war campaign story continues with a scenario to rescue Baine.
Benthic Gear Guide - Check out the all new outdoor world gear progression system in Nazjatar.
Pocket-Sized Computation Device - Customize your own trinket in Mechagon!
Gnome and Tauren Heritage Armor - Gnomes and Tauren will be able to undergo a quest to unlock their heritage armor.
Unlock Flying - Pathfinder Part Two - Players can now complete the last requirements to unlock flying in BfA.
Mount Equipment - Patch 8.2 introduces new items to attach to your mounts to give them access to abilities like water walking or slow fall.
Nazjatar - Use Water Mounts on Land - Nazjatar has an item that lets you use your water mounts as normal mounts in the zone.
New Mounts - Patch 8.2 adds a ton of new mounts to collect!
Profession Updates - Patch 8.2 has a bunch of new stuff for professions!
New Reputation Factions - Patch 8.2 adds several new reputations to earn rewards!
New Rewards to Collect - Check out Blizzard's official list of new collectibles!
New Pet Battle Dungeon - Stratholme - A new pet battle dungeon will allow pet enthusiasts to battle their way to new pets!
New Hunter Tames - Hunters can now tame both Oondasta and Horridon.
New Island Expedition Maps - Crestfall and Snowblossom are now added to Island Expeditons!
Heroic Battle for Stromgarde Warfront - Battle for Stromgarde is the first heroic warfront!
Caverns of Time Portal Added to Main Hub Portal Rooms - A portal to Caverns of Time is now in Stormwind and Orgrimmar.
PvP Updates - New Rododrome Arena and Ashran Epic Battleground.
Transmog Updates - You can now hide every slot except pants and weapon.
Zandalari Troll Druid Travel Form and Balance Form Dances - Patch 8.2 adds dance animations to Zandalari Druid forms.
Gnome and Tauren Mount Size Update - Gnomes and Tauren are receiving mount size updates.
Experience Eliminated Aura - There are some changes to grouping with experience turned off.
New Models - Check out some of the new models in the patch.
New Maps and Icons - Check out some of the new maps and icons in the patch.


What is Not Coming This Week?

Azshara's Eternal Palace - New eight boss raid!

July 9 – Normal and Heroic Difficulties
July 16 – Mythic and Raid Finder Wing 1 Abyssal Commander Sivara, Blackwater Behemoth, Radiance of Azshara
July 30 – Raid Finder Wing 2 Lady Ashvane, Orgozoa, The Queen’s Court
August 13 – Raid Finder Wing 3 Za’qul, Queen Azshara

Operation Mechagon Mega Dungeon - New eight boss mega dungeon.

July 9th - Mythic 

BfA PvP Season 3 - Begins July 9th
Mythic Plus Season 3

Beguiling Seasonal Affix
Item Level Increase

Miscellaneous Changes


Official Survival Guide


<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


patchnotesOfficial Patch Notes


  



newzonesTwo New Zones - Nazjatar and Mechagon
Patch 8.2 adds two new landmasses to explore, the Naga capital of Nazjatar and the secret Mechagnome island of Mechagon. Click the banners below to see our preview of the zones. For detailed quest and exploring guides, check out Icy Vein's guides by clicking the banners below.


   
   


essencesHeart of Azeroth - Essences
Essences are a new system for the Heart of Azeroth that will provide additional power customization options. You’ll collect these Essences by taking part in a variety of content, and infuse them into the Heart of Azeroth using the new Heart Forge in Silithus, giving you access to new abilities and bonuses. 


 

For an in depth list and guide to essences, check out the Icy Veins guides below.
<div style="min-width:900px;margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;padding:0px;"><style type="text/css">.child_div_1{ float:left;} #poll504sss_div_1, #poll504sss_div_2 , #poll504sss_div_2 { width:32%; float:left;} .child_div_1{ float:left;} #poll_div_outers {width: 900px; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;} </style><div id='poll_div_outers'>
<div id='poll504sss_div_1'>
<div class ='child_div_1'>
</div>
 Death Knight 

Blood Death Knight Essence Guide 
Frost Death Knight Essence Guide 
Unholy Death Knight Essence Guide 

<br/>
 Demon Hunter 

Havoc Demon Hunter Essence Guide 
Vengeance Demon Hunter Essence Guide 

<br/>
 Druid 

Balance Druid Essence Guide 
Feral Druid Essence Guide 
Guardian Druid Essence Guide 
Restoration Druid Essence Guide 

<br/>
 Hunter 

Beast Mastery Hunter Essence Guide 
Marksmanship Hunter Essence Guide 
Survival Hunter Essence Guide 

</div>

<div id='poll504sss_div_2'>
<div class ='child_div_1'>
 Mage 

Arcane Mage Essence Guide 
Fire Mage Essence Guide 
Frost Mage Essence Guide 

<br />
 Monk

Brewmaster Monk Essence Guide 
Mistweaver Monk Essence Guide 
Windwalker Monk Essence Guide 

<br/>
 Paladin 

Holy Paladin Essence Guide 
Protection Paladin Essence Guide 
Retribution Paladin Essence Guide 

<br/>
 Priest 

Discipline Priest Essence Guide 
Holy Priest Essence Guide 
Shadow Priest Essence Guide 

</div>
</div>

<div id='poll504sss_div_3'>
<div class ='child_div_1'>

 Rogue 

Assassination Rogue Essence Guide 
Outlaw Rogue Essence Guide 
Subtlety Rogue Essence Guide 

<br />
 Shaman 

Elemental Shaman Essence Guide 
Enhancement Shaman Essence Guide 
Restoration Shaman Essence Guide 

<br/>
 Warlock 

Affliction Warlock Essence Guide 
Demonology Warlock Essence Guide 
Destruction Warlock Essence Guide 

<br/>
 Warrior 

Arms Warrior Essence Guide 
Fury Warrior Essence Guide 
Protection Warrior Essence Guide 


</div>
</div>
</div><div style="clear:both;"></div></div>
magniquestHeart of Azeroth - Magni Quest Chain
After doing the initial quests for Nazjatar, Magni and MOTHER will summon you to Silithus to do a series of quests to unlock essences. Click the banner for our preview of this quest chain.


 


warcampaignWar Campaign Continues
Patch 8.2 continues the war campaign with the "Stay of Execution Scenario" to rescue Baine.


 


benthicBenthic Gear Guide
During your time in Nazjatar you will discover a new alternative method to gear up in the outside world with upgradeable Benthic armor. Click the banner for a full breakdown of this system.


 


customtrinketPocket-Sized Computation Device
The Pocket-Sized Computation Device is a trinket that players can customize to suit their adventuring needs. 


The device houses three Punchcard Sockets, into which players can insert one Red, Yellow, and Blue Punch Card. 
Punch Cards provide a variety of different bonuses 
The Punch Cards can be collected by questing, exploring the Mechagon zone, and advancing through the new Mythic-only dungeon Operation: Mechagon. 
Players will receive their Pocket-Sized Computation Device after completing the Upgraded quest, available shortly after landing in Mechagon.



 


heritageGnome and Tauren Heritage Armor
Gnomes and Tauren will be able to do a quest chain in 8.2 to unlock their very own heritage armor! You'll need to be Exalted with your respecitve faction and Level 120 to do so.


   


flyingUnlock Flying - Pathfinder Part Two
Players will now be able to complete Battle for Azeroth Pathfinder, Part Two  to unlock flying in Kul Tiras, Zandalar, Mechagon, and Nazjatar!


 


Requirements

Battle for Azeroth, Pathfinder Part 1  - Complete the Kul Tiras and Zandalar achievements listed below.
Explore Nazjatar  - Explore Nazjatar, revealing the covered areas of the world map.
Explore Mechagon  - Explore Mechagon, revealing the covered area of the world map.
Earn revered status with Rustbolt Resistance 
Earn revered status with either Waveblade Ankoan  A or The Unshackled  H.



Players that unlock flying will also receive the Wonderwing 2.0 mount!


 



mountequipmentMount Equipment
Patch 8.2 adds an item slot to your mount collection tab that allows you to socket a mount ability to benefit all of your mounts.
Every hero has their favorite mount—whether it’s Baron Rivendare’s steed, Kael’thas Sunstrider’s beloved pet Al’ar, or the very first pony you purchased back when you earned Apprentice Riding skill. The Mount Equipment you earn, craft, and purchase in Rise of Azshara will make it so your choice of mount can be steered by your heart—not what’s most efficient.

These new Mount Equipment pieces can be applied to your mounts within the mount collection tab; they apply to most of your mounts,* and are available for anyone to use regardless of which professions they have though note that they don’t work in Battlegrounds or Arenas. Take a look at the options you’ll have available!


 

Equipment Name: Anglers' Water Striders 
What it does: Allows you to walk on water while mounted. Damage will cancel the effect.
Where to get it: If you’ve already earned the Water Strider, Nat Pagle will mail you the new Anglers’ Water Striders. They’ll bind to your Blizzard account and allow any of your mounts to make like a Shaman or bug and walk on water.
If you haven’t earned the Water Strider, you’ll need to reach Exalted reputation with The Anglers in Mists of Pandaria to pick these up.

Equipment Name: Light-Step Hoofplates 
What it does: Increases your mount’s ground speed by 20%. Doesn’t stack with other mount speed effects.
Where to get it: Check with your local Enchanter or visit the auction house. Enchanters with a minimum Battle for Azeroth skill level of 155 can learn to create these speed-boosting items. Gotta go fast!

Equipment Name: Saddlechute 
What it does: These life-saving devices install an emergency parachute that will automagically deploy whenever you’re dismounted while high in the air. Equip these and avoid those really embarrassing slip and falls!
Where to get it: Pay a visit to your neighborhood Tailor or look in the auction house. Tailors with a minimum Battle for Azeroth skill level of 150 can learn to create these airship captain–approved safety devices.

Equipment Name: Comfortable Rider's Barding 
What it does: Never again will you have to utter the phrase “Don’t daze me, bro,” when you slap on this protective Mount Equipment option. It prevents you from being Dazed while mounted—like all Mount Equipment, they don’t work in Battlegrounds or Arenas, as that would provide an unfair advantage.
Where to get it: Look for your local Leatherworker or check the auction house. Leatherworkers with a minimum Battle for Azeroth skill level of 150 can learn to stitch these together. 

Equipment Name: Inflatable Mount Shoes 
What it does: If making friends with the Anglers isn’t in the cards for you, this is one more way to help your favorite mount walk on water, though damage will cancel the effect.
Where to get it: Barter with your local Blacksmith or head to the auction house. Blacksmiths with a minimum Batttle for Azeroth skill level of 150 can learn to forge these items.

More than 400 mounts are currently available in World of Warcraft—with even more to come—and we look forward to seeing which mounts you equip and bring along on your next adventure!

*Select mounts do not benefit from Mount Equipment such as the Sky Golem.


watermountsNazjatar - Use Water Mounts on Land
The Budding Deepcoral  is an item in Nazjatar that allows you to ride your underwater mounts like normal mounts in Nazjatar. This item costs 5 Prismatic Manapearl  and can be purchased from the same vendors that sell the Benthic Gear  in Nazjatar. The item is consumed on use and doesn't provide any indication that the item is active. It persists through log outs, but is removed the moment you leave Nazjatar and must be repurchased to use again.


        



newmountsPatch 8.2 - New Mounts
Patch 8.2 adds a lot of new mounts to collect!


  



professionsProfession Updates
Kul Tiran and Zandalari professions are increasing to a skill cap of 175 and getting a bunch of new recipes and gathering materials.


 


newrepsNew Reputation Factions
Nazjatar adds a new faction reputation for both the Alliance The Waveblade Ankoan and the Horde The Unshackled while Mechagon adds the Rustbolt Resistance, all of which have unique rewards to earn! Click the banner below to learn more.


 


newrewardsNew Rewards to Collect
Blizzard put together an official list of every single new reward available in the patch, including new pets, mounts, and toys. Click the banner below to view them all.


  



petbattleNew Pet Battle Dungeon - Stratholme
Pet battlers will be able to explore a new Stratholme pet battle dungeon to collect a ton of new pets!


 
It’s time to marshal your menagerie and put your best battle pets forward in the undead streets of Stratholme, a new Pet Battle Dungeon with Normal and Challenge difficulties.

To get started on your journey, you’ll need to have earned the achievement All Growns Up! have one level-25 pet for Normal difficulty or Pro Pet Group have 15 level-25 pets for Challenge difficulty. This will open up a new quest from Tizzy Gearjolt in Boralus or Fuselock in Dazar’alor. You won’t need to complete the previous pet battle dungeons to gain access, and once the upcoming Rise of Azshara content update hits, you’ll be able to play through all four pet battle dungeons in any order.

You’ll find pets from the undead, dragonkin, and magic families in Stratholme. You’ll be able to heal and revive your pets between each of the 12 stages in Normal difficulty, but not in Challenge difficulty.

Defeating the dungeon on Normal difficulty will earn players an Ultimate Battle-Training Stone. You’ll also be able to avail yourself of Manapoof’s aid to teleport directly to Stratholme’s dungeon entrance as a part of the quest reward.

Those who prove themselves to be the very best on Challenge difficulty will earn the achievement Pet Battle Challenge: Stratholme along with the Minimancer pet. Completing Challenge difficulty will count toward a weekly quest that rewards Cleansed Remains, an account-bound currency that you redeem for an Unopened Stratholme Supply Crate filled with pet supplies, or four new pets—Ziggy, Crypt Fiend, Shrieker, and Gruesome Belcher. Speak with Sean Wilkers at the entrance of the dungeon to add one of these spooky fiends to your ranks.

Whether you’re new to pet battle dungeons or a companion-combat veteran, you’ll want to get in on the ongoing story as it unfolds. Who are the shadowy figures that keep appearing in each pet battle dungeon? What chilling experiment are they conducting in Baron Rivendare’s slaughterhouse? Will you come upon an opportunity to take the fight to them?

Discover what awaits your critter pals next in Stratholme!



huntertamesHunters Can Now Tame Oondasta and Horridon
A new addition to the patch is the ability for hunters to tame the Pandaria bosses Horridon and Oondasta. These are unique skins for both direhorns and devilsaurs!


   


newislandsCrestfall and Snowblossom Island Expedition Maps
Two new island expeditions have been added to the map rotation for Islands.


Crestfall - Island from Warcraft II
Snowblossom - A Pandaren village



   


heroicwarfrontHeroic Battle for Stromgarde Warfront
Rise of Azshara introduces Heroic Warfronts.


Initially heroic is only available for Battle for Stromgarde.
Heroic Warfronts are tuned for item level 415.
A team of 10 to 20 will be needed to que for a Heroic Warfront.
Heroic Warfronts will be much different from normal warfronts.
Heroic Warfronts will focus on the strategic aspects found in RTS games. Examples of new challenges include special units sent at your base that needs to be defended, the enemy commander appearing on the field, or where to best put resources at the moment.
You can lose a Heroic Warfront.



  



cavernsoftimeCaverns of Time Main Hub Portals
A portal to the Caverns of Time has been added to both the Stormwind and Orgrimmar Portal Rooms. The one in Stormwind is all the way to the right while Orgrimmar's room has received a new basement level with just this portal in it for now.


    



pvpupdatesPvP Updates
Several new additions are making their way into PvP!

Robodrome Arena - A new arena is being added to the roster called Rododrome. It is a circular arena in Mechagon that features traps and mechanical obstacles.


 

Ashran Epic Battleground- Ashran is returning as an option in the epic battleground que.


 

New PvP Event: Battle for Nazjatar
Players who have War Mode enabled in Nazjatar will be able to take part in a new PvP event to earn rewards and achievements. During the Battle for Nazjatar event, the Horde and the Alliance will need to coordinate their forces to capture and hold five points across the zone: Ala’thir Spire, Lemor’athra Spire, Thoras’tal Spire, Tidal Conflux, and Zin-Azshari.

Once towers are captured, the Horde and Alliance will begin to accumulate points for each tower under their control. The first faction to reach 10,000 points, or whoever has the most points at the end of 45 minutes, will claim victory.

If you’ve defeated at least one enemy player during the event, the first win of the day will reward 200 Conquest and 10 Nazjatar Battle Commendations, while the losing faction will still receive a small amount of Conquest and Nazjatar Battle Commendations, which can be exchanged for rewards including the imposing Inkscale Deepseeker mount.


transmogTransmog Updates
Patch 8.2 will allow you to hide every slot except pants and weapon.


 


danceZandalari Troll Druid Travel Form and Balance Form Dances
Patch 8.2 adds dance animations to both the Zandalari Druid Travel and Balance forms.


<iframe width="450" height="253" src="" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe> <iframe width="450" height="253" src="" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


mountsizeupdateGnome and Tauren Mount Size Update
With today’s PTR update, you might notice mount size changes for gnome and tauren player characters. For a very long time, we’ve had issues that stem from gnomes and tauren riding on mounts that appear larger than intended. We’re adjusting their sizing down on normal* mounts.

This allows us to correct many art and animation bugs with these specific races when mounted, and they look better. Gnomes and tauren now look more like they should, gnomes can actually reach their reins, and tauren can fit through more doorways when mounted.

Here’s an example of how a gnome character looks when mounted-

Before the change-


  

And after the change-


  

This new tech also means that it’s now possible for us to address issues where some mounts are too small on some races. We’re looking to find examples along those lines, so please keep your feedback coming.

Thank you!

*There are a few mounts that are not considered "normal"-sized to begin with. For example, Hyena mounts are considered "small", and we’re not sizing tauren differently on small mounts at this time.


experienceExperience Eliminated Aura
WarcraftSecrets  pointed out that Patch 8.2 adds Experience Eliminated , which reduces XP from mobs and quests by 95% if anyone in the group has experience disabled. 

The change only affects groups that manually invite player characters who have XP off. There is no impact on players who find themselves automatically grouped by the matchmaker while doing PvP or Group Finder dungeons. This change also doesn’t affect anyone who has turned off XP for their own benefit, such as plundering old raids while keeping their level low enough to use their Aggramar’s Stride boots. This was likely done to stop Level 110 characters from boosting players to 120 quickly. 


  


newmodelsNew Models
Patch 8.2 adds a ton of new models. Click the banner below to see a lot of them!


 


iconsNew Maps and Icons
Patch 8.2 adds a lot of new maps and icons!


  



Coming Soon

eternalpalaceAzshara's Eternal Palace Raid
Starting on July 9th, players will be able to enter the new eight boss raid, Azshara's Eternal Palace. Click the banner below for the difficulty unlock schedule and Blizzard's official preview.


  



operationmechagonNew Mega Dungeon: Operation Mechagon
A new eight boss mega dungeon is coming on July 9th with unique gear and rewards to earn.
Once you’re feeling properly upgraded, it’s time to begin your bid to shut down King Mechagon once and for all and free the mechagnomes from his tyranny. Get ready for Operation Mechagon!

Operation Mechagon 


  

Prince Erazmin leads a group of unlikely allies on a desperate mission into the heart of Mechagon. In a race against time, they must overcome King Mechagon’s army of mechanized monstrosities and defeat the mad genius before his doomsday device purges all organic life from Azeroth.

Dungeon Bosses: 8

Difficulties: Mythic

Level: 120 for Alliance and Horde

King Gobbamak: Obsessed with hoarding dangerous technology found amongst the scrap, King Gobbamak sits upon a pile of doomsday weapons that he lacks the intelligence to operate or understand.

Gunker: After years of coalescing into a concentrated cesspool. Mechagon's toxic waste has gained malevolent sentience. With the sanitation systems disabled, Gunker is free to ooze across all of Azeroth.

Trixie & Naeno: Trixie and Naeno, two of Bondo’s top lieutenants, have a turbulent relationship. While Trixie prides herself on ruthless efficiency, Naeno is the embodiment of chaos while behind the wheel. The only thing they have in common is their penchant for senseless violence, which they enjoy dispensing on anyone foolish enough to wander into their territory.

HK-8 Aerial Oppression Unit: Predator of the skies, the HK-8 Aerial Oppression Unit soars over the yard executing its prime directive, disintegrating all trespassers. With impenetrable armor and a lethal host of weapons, it annihilates all who are caught in its shadow.

Tussle Tonks: Mechagon’s premier mechgineers test their mettle and metal by building customized combat robots. While these tonks typically battle each other for glory, they combine their efforts to repel foolhardy organic intruders who dare venture into Mechagon.

K.U.-J.O.: As the repository for the city’s refuse, the Under Junk is a prime target for gnomes from Bondo’s gang who intend to steal valuable mechanical components. While Trash Mistress Wendy Cogsworth ceaselessly sorts the city’s junk, her loyal guard dog, K.U.-J.0., keeps out unwelcome intruders—mechagnomes and adventurers alike.

Machinist's Garden: Beautiful and dangerous, Head Machinist Sparkflux's metallic gardens are designed for both recreation and retribution. With a flick of a switch, the idyllic scenery transforms into a death trap from which no interloper can escape.

King Mechagon: As maniacal as he is brilliant, King Mechagon despises all organic life. With his mechoriginator primed and ready, nothing stands in the way of his scheme to purge the curse of flesh from Azeroth and mechanize the entire world.

Get ready to face the danger within beginning July 9.


pvpseason3Battle for Azeroth PvP Season 3
On July 9th, PvP Season 3 will start with all new rewards and gear to earn.


 

   
 


mythic3Mythic Plus Season 3
On July 9th, Mythic Plus Season 3 will begin and item levels of all dungeon rewards, world quests, and emissaries will increase. 


Season 3 introduces a new seasonal affix to Mythic Plus:

Beguiling  - Azshara's Emissaries are present throughout the dungeon.



Icy Veins has put together a nice guide to what to expect from this affix.


  



miscMiscellaneous Changes

New Missions and Troops

As you take the fight to the seas, your loyal followers will be with you every step of the way. You can now enlist Boat Captains and other skilled seafarers to fight your battles.

Event and Holiday Missions

Send out your followers to embark on new holiday- and event-themed missions. Spoils will include special currencies to spend during holidays and events, including Brewfest and Timewalking, along with rewards that are only available during those periods.