chaud2018-11-15, 01:04 AMWar Mode Faction Balance Hotfix and Patch 8.1 Changes
Blizzard suspects many Alliance players had "rough experiences early on and opted out" of War Mode, and the increased rewards may bring people back in.

Is Ion for real? He thinks that increased rewards will bring alliance back into warmode, when the vast majority of alliance have forgotten that warmode even exists? 

This kind of measure is too little too late. A few alliance may turn on warmode, find themselves getting facing repeated 10v1 situations and then turn it off again.
Some time ago we made a hotfix to War Mode which enforces all War Mode shards that have both Alliance and Horde in them to have a stricter, more even ratio. We’ve been monitoring the results and so far we’ve noticed a significant improvement in “fair and balanced” shards. So much so that it’s safe to say that if you are Alliance, and you see Horde in the outdoor world in War Mode, you are a relatively even horde to alliance ratio shard. There are some rare exceptions, such as when a raid of 40 players enter a zone. It may take a bit for the “shard manager” to compensate and balance the shard.

We do have some plans in store in Tides of Vengeance Patch 8.1 to entice the underrepresented faction with greater rewards to increase participation and create more active Horde/Allianced mixed War Mode shards. The intent of those rewards is not to give the underrepresented faction some “compensation” for being outnumbered in a War Mode shard since that really can’t happen anymore. 

We're also looking forward to what you all think about the Incursions in War Mode for 8.1, since it brings Horde and Alliance to the same location which should create some pretty fun skirmishes.


Raid Testing Schedule - November 15th - 19th
On Thursday, November 15th and Friday, November 16th we will be conducting raid tests of the Battle of Dazar'alor. After testing has ended up Friday, we will open the first wing of Raid Finder.

BOTH FACTIONS:
Testing is open for both factions. However, for some bosses, raid members will temporarily re-live events as the opposite faction using a story flashback.

Thursday, November 15th

Stormwall Blockade - Heroic Battle of Dazar'alor
13:00 PST 16:00 EST, 22:00 CET

Jaina - Heroic Battle of Dazar'alor
14:00 PST 17:00 EST, 23:00 CET

Friday, November 16th

Opulence - Mythic Battle of Dazar'alor
13:00 PST 16:00 EST, 22:00 CET

King Rastakhan - Mythic Battle of Dazar'alor
14:00 PST 17:00 EST, 23:00 CET

Siege of Dazar'alor/Defense of Dazar'alor Raid Finder
16:00 PST 19:00 EST, 1:00 CET

As always, this testing schedule is very fluid and subject to the realities of a test environment. We might have to change the time of a testing session, change the bosses being tested, or cancel a test entirely, due to bugs, server hardware issues, etc. Keep an eye on this forum for the latest information, and thank you in advance for testing and providing feedback.

Q: How do I get into the raid zone?

A: In Zuldazar, Boralus, Dalaran, Orgrimmar, or Stormwind, you may speak to Nexus-Lord Donjon Rade III in order to teleport into the raid zone while it is open for testing. The option to teleport into a zone will not be available when the zone is not open for testing.