Stoy2019-05-02, 02:45 AMRise of Azshara PTR Development Notes – May 1
A new build with lots of new testable content has been published to the Public Test Realms PTR for our upcoming content update, Rise of Azshara.

Now Available for Testing

New Zone-- Nazjatar
New Dungeon-- Operation: Mechagon


Nazjatar is starting in an advanced state for ease of testing and access to more of the content. This area has a wide variety of activities that are available to test, including rare mobs, treasures, timed events, PvP War Mode events, and World Quests. To get started, you’ll need to find the “Dread Pirate Placeholder” NPC. For Alliance test characters, you’ll find him in Boralus, in Tradewinds Market, on the way to the Flight Master. For Horde test characters, look for him on the dock in the Port of Zuldazar, right next to the Banshee’s Wail. Talk to him and he will port you to Nazjatar in the correct state and unlock followers for you. And after you’ve done some testing in Nazjatar, please share your experiences with us here in this forum.

The new eight-boss, five-player Mythic dungeon, Operation: Mechagon, is also now available on the PTR. This dungeon is only available on Mythic difficulty so it will require you to first form a group of five. The entrance to this dungeon is in the Mechagon zone, and all five characters will have to have completed initial quests in that zone to be able to access it. After you’ve tested the dungeon, please head to our Feedback – Operation: Mechagon thread with your feedback. We look forward to reading what you have to share there.

Plans and Updates
We still plan to do a wipe of all characters in a few weeks after getting focused feedback on these areas. At that time, new test characters will find all features in their initial state, just as it will be when the content update is officially released. We’ll give you a heads up when the PTR character wipe is coming.
Please see our previous development notes for other features that are currently available for testing, and check out our most recent class and essence updates here.

Get into the PTR!
The PTR is now available. To log in to the PTR, simply create a PTR account and copy the character you wish to test from your account. Step-by-step directions can be found here.

Note: World of Warcraft PTR realms are only available to players who have a full World of Warcraft account.