Stoy2018-08-01, 01:35 AMBattle for Azeroth Content Release Schedule
Mark Your Calendars—The Battle Is On!
Mark your calendars and prepare for new adventures. Several paths to power lie before you, and only you can determine which route you’ll take. Are you ready to face the terrors sealed away inside the new Uldir raid? Looking forward to bringing another Allied Race into the Horde or Alliance? Prepping for the first PvP or Mythic Dungeon season? The choice is ultimately yours.

Make and Play New Friends!

With the release of Battle for Azeroth on August 14, players will begin their journey toward bringing two new Allied Races to the fold: Mag’har orcs and Dark Iron dwarves  You’ll earn their loyalty through the expansion’s War Campaign and will need to meet the following requirements to add their might to your faction:


Reach level 120
Become Exalted with the key subfaction from your side’s War Campaign:

Alliance: 7th Legion
Horde: The Honorbound


Complete the War Campaign in Kul Tiras and Zandalar and earn the Achievement Ready for War Ready for War both Horde and Alliance.


There’s plenty of ground to cover in Battle for Azeroth, and it all comes down to where you’ll focus your efforts first.

Uldir Awaits

Millenia ago, seeking to understand the nature of their eternal foe, the titans constructed this sprawling underground facility to research and quarantine captured specimens. They hoped that by studying the void energy that bound the Old Gods, probing it for weaknesses and reactions, they could find some way to neutralize it. They were horribly, horribly wrong. The facility was sealed away so that the horrors within would never be unleashed upon Azeroth. But now those seals have broken. . . .

Raid Bosses: 8
Difficulties: Raid Finder, Normal, Heroic, Mythic
Level: 120

September 4 – Normal and Heroic open
September 11 – Mythic, Raid Finder Wing 1: Halls of Containment Taloc, MOTHER, Zek’voz, Herald of N’zoth
September 25 – Raid Finder Wing 2: Crimson Descent Fetid Devourer, Vectis, Zul, Reborn
October 9 – Raid Finder Wing 3: Heart of Corruption Mythrax the Unraveler, G’huun

Battle for Azeroth: PvP Season 1 – September 4

Ready your swords and boards: the new PvP season is on its way. Battle for Azeroth PvP Season 1 kicks off September 4 with new rewards and two new Arenas — Hook Point and The Mugambala. Read about rated PvP updates and rewards here  and prepare to leap, blink, sneak, or charge your way into the action.

Battle for Azeroth: Mythic Keystone Dungeon Season 1 – September 4

We’re adding a new layer to Mythic Keystone Dungeons with the introduction of Mythic Dungeon seasons that align with the latest content and rewards. As a part of Season 1, we will be introducing using a new seasonal affix—Infested—which will appear on level 10 or higher Keystones. The Infested affix reflects the extent of the corruption of the blood god G’huun as it seeps out into Azeroth to infect select denizens of each dungeon. With each new season, we’ll be changing out this third affix to keep players on their toes. How will you deal with these new dangers?