chaud2018-08-16, 06:58 AMPatch 8.0.1 Hotfixes - August 15, 2018
Azerite Gear

Fixed an issue where the Azerite Trait Reckless Flurry https://www.wowdb.com/spells/283810-reckless-flurry was incorrectly increasing ability damage, in addition to auto attack damage.
7th Legionnaire's Tunic and Honorbound Outrider's Vestments now correctly have an Outlaw Rogue trait. The extra Subtlety Rogue trait has been removed.
Fixed an issue where the Azerite Trait Wild Fleshrending https://www.wowdb.com/spells/279527-wild-fleshrending was not increasing the damage of Swipe for Guardian Druids.


Dungeons

Experience rewarded from end-of-zone dungeon quests has been greatly increased.
Fixed an issue where players couldn't complete “Ecological Research” in The Temple of Sethraliss on Normal difficulty.


Items

Harlan's Loaded Dice https://www.wowdb.com/items/155881-harlans-loaded-dice now scales correctly with item level for its spells.


Pet Battles

Francois https://www.wowdb.com/npcs/134406-francois can now be properly summoned and used in Pet Battles by Alliance characters.
Fixed a bug that prevented Peachy and Winkle from battling as intended.


Professions

Archaeology

Fixed a bug that caused some digsites near Vigil Hill in Tiragarde Sound from providing fragments as intended.

Blacksmithing

Crafting the Stormsteel Spear https://www.wowdb.com/spells/253159-stormsteel-spear recipe now creates the correct item.

Mining

Fixed a bug that prevented ore gathered in Kul'Tiras and Zandalar from being stored in certain bags, as intended.



Quests

Fixed a bug causing one of the Shadra Betrayers to evade during "The Ancient One".
Fixed a bug that caused the Ancient Gong to sometimes become unusable during “Punishment of Tal’aman”.
Fixed a bug that made Taelia disappear under rare circumstances on “The Old Knight”.
It should be harder to get separated from Rastakhan on "The King's Gambit".
“Mine Sweeper” is now easier to locate and obtain. Goblin Mine Technicians aren't the tidiest bunch and may have left an extra Cracked Mine Sweeper in the Saltstone Mine.
Players who disconnect before turning in "Dress to Impress" should now be able to properly see Flynn in the Dead Man's Tale.
Fixed an issue where players could move during "Rest in the Depths", breaking the channeled spell.
The Island Expeditions quest “Notched Coin” can now be turned in to Mili Wanderbrew.
On “Return to Gloom Hollow”, players should no longer be able to get into a state where Titan Keeper Hezrel will not move.



Developer Interview - Technical Director
gamesindustry https://www.gamesindustry.biz/articles/2018-08-13-after-fourteen-years-of-world-of-warcraft-infrastructure-isnt-a-limitation had the opportunity to talk to Patrick Dawson Technical Director!


The team starts working on the next expansion two years in advance, 
It's hard to support legacy content. With every patch, you need to make sure Ragnaros and Onyxia still work!
Going forward, some systems will be contained within just one expansion, such as the Artifacts, so they don't need to be supported going forward. 
When WoW launched it was on single realms that were completely independent from all others. Now it is much more cloud based, so there are a lot more resources that can be shared between different realms and a lot more connectivity we can provide to our players in their gameplay experience. 
With the item squish, the team listened to PTR feedback and then fixed any additional issues quickly with hotfixes after launch.
The leveling experience isn't as nice as Blizzard would like it to be.
There is 15 years of content that people should have the option to do if they want to, but the team also wants the ability for players to play with their friends quickly.
They have worked to improve this situation over time with the boosts and scaling technology. 
Doing another Cataclysm level overhaul of the world would have to make sense with the story the team wanted to tell. Deathwing being the destroyer of worlds made all of the changes make sense. 
The team doesn't have an expectation that every player should go through all the story.
The team could do anything they wanted, but time and money make deciding if the trade-off is worth it necessary. They want to work on what would be the best thing for the community.



Blue Posts
Launch Issues
Trying to save face in that horrible launch that almost rivaled WoD
You mean the launch that was crippling and had ongoing issues impacting players for almost an entire week for every realm? Like I said previously, I'm not excusing the issues but you have to admit its pretty silly if you're trying to say that an almost full week of continuous issues impacting the majority being able to play is comparable to only a handful of realms having issues for only about 6 hours when the vast majority could login. Patches during Wrath had more downtime than this Global Launch.

If you look at the history of expansions launches this is still in the top 3 regarding overall stability. If you disagree then I don't think you played any launch before Legion. Blue Tracker https://blue.mmo-champion.com/topic/1098436-real-talk-regarding-the-qq-toxicity-yesterday/ / Official Forums http://us.battle.net/forums/en/wow/topic/20767637488?page=3#48


Blue Tweets
Items
you said weapons won't titanforge. Why did you go back on this?
They won't, from BfA content. Legion weapons are different since they're competing with artifact relics that have always been able to Titanforge. The other exception is the weekly M+ cache, which isn't random, but rather a guaranteed upgrade. WatcherDev https://twitter.com/WatcherDev/status/1025520023035506688

PvE
Hey Ion, question for you. Legacy loot mode, is it supposed to give less loot if more than 1 person is in the group? Heroic Alysrazor in FL25 gives me 10 pieces solo, but if my wife goes with me we only get 6. Is this intended or a bug?
Are you sure you were on Heroic both times? It should be a constant total amount of loot split among those present, of course. WatcherDev https://twitter.com/WatcherDev/status/1025063191921885184

Is the siege of Lordaeron still available for other characters to do after BFA launch or was it removed along with war of thorns?
The Siege of Lordaeron is a permanent part of Battle for Azeroth and a pre-requisite for Kul'Tiras and Zandalar. It will remain playable like Broken Shore was for Legion. WarcraftDevs https://twitter.com/WarcraftDevs/status/1029469877193474050