Stoy2019-08-03, 02:36 AMPatch 8.2 Hotfixes - August 2nd, 2019
Dungeons and Raids

Azshara’s Eternal Palace

The Queen’s Court

Fixed an issue that sometimes caused the knockback effect of Frenetic Charge  to hit the wrong target.




Items

Increased the drop rate for Blueprint: Anti-Gravity Pack  from Rustfeather and it can now also drop from Malfunctioning Beastbot.

Heart of Azeroth

Vision of Perfection  Essence no longer lowers the duration of the Demonic Power  buff from Demonology Warlocks’ Summon Demonic Tyrant  when it activates if the player already has a Demonic Tyrant active.
Fixed an issue with the Versatility amount granted by Vision of Perfection  Essence Rank 3 not correctly increasing with a player’s Heart of Azeroth level.




Quests

The quest Against Overwhelming Odds  no longer grants quest credit for killing players with Resurrection Sickness.




WoW 15th Anniversary Event Preview
The patch 8.2.5 PTR sheds some light on what to expect from World of Warcraft's 15th Anniversary Event that was announced earlier this year.


<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Log In Reward
Logging in during the 15th anniversary event rewards the Lil' Nefarian battle pet.


Store Mounts
You will be able to purchase the Alabaster Wyvern and Alabaster Gryphon mounts from the in game store or receive them as a reward for ordering the 15th Anniversary Collector's Edition box set.


 


Limited Time Raid Event
The main draw to the event is the addition of three limited time raid wings that let players tackle bosses from past expansions. The reward for completing all three wings is the Obsidian Worldbreaker mount.


 


Burning Crusade Wing

Kael'thas Sunstrider
Lady Vashj
Archimonde

Wrath of the Lich King Wing

Heigan the Unclean
Anub'arak
The Lich King

Cataclysm Wing

Cho'gall
Nefarian
Ragnaros




Classic Alterac Valley PvP Event
During the 15th anniversary you will be able to queue for a classic version of Alterac Valley that is identical to how it was when it initially released during Vanilla. Completing a series of activities in this version will reward you with the Stormpike Battle Ram A or Frostwolf Snarler H.


   


Infinity Studio ChinaJoy Arthas Menethil Statue
Infinity Studio has partnered with Blizzard to create a life-sized Arthas Menethil statue from the upcoming Warcraft III: Reforged for China's ChinaJoy Convention. You can still pre-purchase  Warcraft III: Reforged and be sure to check out Infinity Studio's Facebook page  for more pictures of the statue!


 