Stoy2019-09-23, 03:30 PMPatch 8.2.5 - Live This Week!
Patch 8.2.5 is live this week!


Official Patch Notes - Read the official patch notes for Patch 8.2.5.
Worgen and Goblin Model Updates - Worgen and Goblins are finally receiving their model updates!
Updated Worgen Animations - Worgen are receiving updates to their animations!
15th Anniversary Event - Earn rewards with unique limited time raids and events!
War Campaign Concludes - The War Campaign comes to a thrilling conclusion!
New Magni Quest Chain - Search for Wrathion in a new quest chain involving Magni!
Party Sync - Level with your friends by using party scaling!
Recruit A Friend Returns - Earn new rewards with the return of Recruit A Friend!
New Alliance Mount - Honeyback Harvester - Earn the long awaited bee mount!
Show Final Destination - New addition to map UI to see final turn in location for quests!
Firelands Timewalking - Firelands raid added to Cataclysm Timewalking!
New Worgen Character Creation Portraits - The worgen character creation portraits have been updated!
Embassy Changes - Several changes have been made to the embassies!
Character in Mount Journal - See your character mounted on each mount in the mount journal!
Character Menu UI Changes - Faction logo and class colors added to character menu!
Black Market Auction House Additions - New items added to the Black Market Auction House!
Additional Changes and Additions - Miscellaneous changes and additions.
Login Changes - Login with email or telephone number!
New Models - New models for lore characters such as Wrathion!
New Maps and Icons - New maps and icons!



patchnotesOfficial Patch Notes


 


worggobmodelsNew Worgen and Goblin Character Models
Worgen and Goblins are finally getting their long anticipated model updates!


 


worgenanimUpdated Worgen Animations
Worgen will also be receiving some changes to their animations. The most notable changes come in their casting and running animations!


<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


anniversary15th Anniversary Event
While likely not going live tomorrow, sometime soon after we will see the 15th anniversary event in game! Take on old bosses in special raids and partake in classic Alterac Valley to earn unique rewards such as the Obsidian Worldbreaker  mount!


<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

 


endcampaignWar Campaign Concludes
The war campaign will finally come to a thrilling conclusion in patch 8.2.5! The entire quest chain has been encrypted and untested on the PTR so we won't know what happens until it is revealed!


 


magniquestNew Magni Quest Chain
The patch will also bring a new quest chain involving Magni and the search for Wrathion to cleanse Ebonhorn of the Old Gods' whispers.


<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

 


partysyncParty Sync
Patch 8.2.5 introduces party sync, a new way to sync to a friends level and play together, including queuing for low level dungeons!


  



recruitafriendRecruit A Friend Returns
Recruit a Friend is returning with new rewards and updates!


 !


beemountNew Alliance Mount - Honeyback Harvester
Alliance players will finally be able to do a lengthy grind quest to claim the long awaited bee mount, the Honeyback Harvester !


<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen></iframe>

 


 


finaldestinationNew Show Final Destination Button in Quest Log
Patch 8.2.5 will add a new button to the quest log allowing you to see the final destination of a quest to plan your own route. You can toggle between this and the "show travel route" button freely.


 

 


firelandstimeFirelands Raid Added to Cataclysm Timewalking
Firelands has been added as timewalking raid during Cataclysm Timewalking.


 


worgenportraitUpdated Worgen Portrait Pictures on Character Creation Screen
Patch 8.2.5 comes with the new worgen models, and so the portraits on the character creation menu have also been updated. The goblin ones remain the same.


   


embassyEmbassy Changes
Patch 8.2.5 has seen some changes to the faction embassies. The faction leaders have all left and only the Pandaren leaders remain with various representatives from the current allied races.


New
<div class="gallery" id="embassynew">  </div> 

Old
<div class="gallery" id="embassyold">   </div>



mountjournalCharacter Appears in Mount Journal
When you preview a mount in the Mount Journal, you now see your character riding the mount! This feature can be toggled off if desired.


 


charactermenuNew Character Menu UI Updates
The character menu UI now displays an opaque logo of the character's faction as well as their class name being color-coded like in game.


  



bmahBlack Market Auction House Additions

New enchantment, transmogrifiable gear, and mount listings have been added.

Mounts

Armored Razzashi Raptor 
Experiment 12-B 
Felsteel Annihilator 
Ironhoof Destroyer 
Life-Binder's Handmaiden 
Reins of the Amber Primordial Direhorn 
Reins of the Cobalt Primordial Direhorn 
Reins of the Grand Black War Mammoth  / Reins of the Grand Black War Mammoth 
Reins of the Jade Primordial Direhorn 
Reins of the Slate Primordial Direhorn 
Solar Spirehawk 
Spawn of Horridon 
Swift Zulian Panther 

Transmog

Tusks of Mannoroth 
The First Satyr's Spaulders 

Illusions

Illusion: Deathfrost 
Illusion: Winter's Grasp 


Unclaimed Black Market Auction House Containers will now fully create the item when open or viewed in any way. No peeking!
Removed Grimoire of the Four Winds



loginLog in Changes
You can now log into the game via your email or telephone number.


 


additionalchangesAdditional Changes and Additions
Holiday Updates
Lunar Festival
Embark on an adventure around Kalimdor and the Eastern Kingdoms to complete the Rite of the Moon and help an old druid bless her Staff of Moonflowers. In return, she will enchant your flower crowns so they never die, and you can transmogrify them year-round!

Characters

Goblins

Goblins now wave at Gobber after casting Pack Hobgoblin Racial.
Gobber now waves back at the player and makes a sound when summoned.
Rocket Barrage Racial now makes sound and the rockets launch from the belt instead of the caster’s feet.



Classes

Increased the size of the visual indicating where a player will resurrect after accepting a resurrection during combat.
 Hunter Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Beast Master

Animal Companion Talent now reduces extra pet damage by 35% was 40%.


 Paladin Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Holy

Glimmer of Light Azerite Trait can now be dispelled by abilities that remove Magic effects.


 Rogue Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

Blind’s debuff is now displayed on enemy nameplates.

 Shaman Forums  / Skills  / Talent Calculator 

A player that can Reincarnate from Ancestral Protection Totem Talent now sees a glowing screen edge and visual effect.

Restoration

Deluge Talent now increases the healing of Healing Wave and Healing Surge, in addition to Chain Heal.





Items and Rewards

Added Glyph of Lavish Servings which allows Mages to change the appearance of their Mage Table.
Players who collected Upgraded Dungeon Set pieces can now replace sold or destroyed pieces for 75 Darkmoon Prize Tickets from Barum while Darkmoon Faire is active.
Raddon’s Cascading Eyes can now only reduce the cooldown of Eye Beam by up to a maximum of 20 seconds per cast of Eye Beam.
Timewalking vendors now restrict their wares to those who can participate in their respective Timewalking events.


Player versus Player

Battlegrounds

Epic Ashran

New Ancient Artifact: Solar Sphere

A new artifact of power has been discovered in Ashran’s underground mines—the Solar Sphere. The faction who captures its power will gain 20% haste while controlled.

Many of the NPCs within the Road of Glory have been removed to improve performance.
Fangraal and Kronus now cost 3,000 Artifact Fragments was 300.
Fangraal and Kronus now deal increased damage and have a new a melee cleave ability.
The Reinforcement count has been reduced to 150 was 300.
Front Line Fortitude now increases health to all melee players and NPCs within the Road of Glory by 100% was 30%.
The Ancient Artifact now spawns after a player kills the Ancient Inferno rather than randomly spawning on the map.

Epic Wintergrasp

Vehicles are no longer affected by movement slowing effects or roots.
Damage done by Catapults has been slightly increased.
The Siege Engine now has increased health.

Mercenaries no longer benefit from the effects of Enlistment Bonus.



Professions

Several items created with Kul Tiran Engineering now have a minimum level requirement.

Electroshock Mount Motivator, F.R.I.E.D, Organic Discombobulation Grenade, Thermo-Accelerated Plague Spreader, Unstable Temporal Time Shifter, can now only be used by level 110 or higher characters.



Quests and World Quests

World Quests and Missions now offer gold or war resources instead of Artifact Power to players who can no longer progress their Heart of Azeroth level 70.

War Campaign Updates

All reputation requirements have been removed from the following War Campaign quests:

Horde:“A Stroll Through a Cemetery,” “Tracking Tidesages,” “Journey to the Middle of Nowhere,” “When a Plan Comes Together,” “A Mech for a Goblin,” “Breaking Out Ashvane,” and “War Is Here.”
Alliance:“Crippling the Horde,” “Our Next Target,” “Intercepted Orders” “Bringing Down the Fleet,” “Sensitive Intel,” “The Abyssal Scepter,” and “The Fall of Zuldazar.”

Players are no longer required to level a Nazjatar companion to level 3 to access the War Campaign quest “Stay of Execution.”




User Interface

Auction House purchases over 50,000 gold now require players to confirm the purchase in a dialogue box.
Player characters can now be displayed in the Mount Journal preview. This can be toggled on or off with the “Show Character” option in the viewport window.
Class color and faction icon now displays in the Character Select screen.
The System Menu button now always appears in the Character Select screen.
Players can now toggle between the map of a quest’s final destination and its initial start point by clicking on the arrow icon next to it in the Map & Quest log


Companion App

Community chat improvements.
Fixed a bug that required users to log in twice before accessing the app.


Bug Fixes

Battle Pets

Necrofin Tadpole now correctly grants a rare quality pet.

Classes

Abilities or passives that allow players to survive fatal blows e.g. Rogues’ Cheat Death no longer trigger prematurely if the target has Blessing of Sacrifice.
Blood Death Knights’ Dancing Rune Weapon should now always mirror the caster’s melee attacks.
Discipline and Holy Priests’ Divine Star Talent should no longer hit targets through walls.
Enhancement Shaman are now refunded 80% of the Maelstrom resource cost when Storm Strike misses or parries.
Frost Mages’ Frozen Orb’s trajectory now slows down when it deals damage rather than when it collides into an enemy or destructible unit.

Developers’ note: This quality of life change should make this spell more reliably deal damage against large raid bosses, such as Blackwater Behemoth or Radiance of Azshara.

Affliction Warlocks’ Phantom Singularity Talent can now critically strike the primary target.
Warlocks who are interrupted while casting a Fire school spell or Chaos Bolt with an imp pet active can again use Command Demon to force their imp to use Singe Magic while locked out from spell casting.

Dungeons and Raids

Abyssal Commander Sivara

Frost and Toxic Javelins have been renamed to Frost Bolt and Toxic Bolt as intended.


Followers and NPCs

The prices for consumables crafted from Pascal-K1N6 have been reduced.
Nazjatar followers can again respawn if a player is in stealth when they are killed.
Crazed Trogg should now always attack players covered in the correct paint color.
All interrupts should stop Seashelf Reefwalker from completing a Coral Growth cast.
Rolly Gulper no longer can fly to attack airborne players.
Enemies and their corpses no longer prevent players from gathering the Energy Cells or Spare Parts underneath them.
The chicken critters loitering in front of Ironforge can again be slaughtered.

Items

Blueprint: Re-Procedurally Generated Punchcard now correctly indicates it only creates Yellow Punchcards.
Characters now announce if they’ve placed down a Cauldron of Battle, Big Cauldron of Battle, Spirit Cauldron, Mystical Cauldron, or a Greater Mystical Cauldron.
Meera’s Jukebox no longer generates threat.
Nazjatar follower reputation items now grant reputation above Rank 8 when used.
Players can link mount equipment that they have equipped.

Mounts

Kua’fon can again fly inside Garrisons.

Player versus Player

Items

Fixed an issue that caused Mirror Charm’s effects to carry over into PvP combat.
Lady Waycrest’s Music Box should no longer damage stealthed enemy players.


Quests

Players can again receive credit for “A Shattered Path Through Time” after completing a Timewalking dungeon.
Rewards from the Reclamation Rig can again be opened through in-game mail.
A warning now displays that activating the device in “The Laboratory of Mardivas” will initiate a weekly lockout.
Players can again interact with the Soul Harvester in “Holding the Ramparts.”
NPCs no longer phase during “Breaking the Food Chain.”
The requirements for “Becoming a Friend” are now clearer.
Players can again collect all the Sandclaw Crab and Muck creepers necessary for “Gather Friends.”
Players no longer become stuck in combat when using Bot Re-Energizer during “Right Bot for the Job.”
Players can again “Gather Friends” with The Friendship Net without causing them to despawn.
Enemies defeated during “Off-the-Books-Brawlin’” again drop loot.
Prince Erazmin now properly awards credit to players who complete “Welcome to the Resistance.”
“Our Direct Line” no longer offers an indestructible Encrypted Black Market Radio.
“Abduction Reduction” now correctly grants credit only to the player that catches a mechagnome.
Advisor Ko’jan should now always be present during “Silence the Advisor.”
Corroded Sentries now correctly grant credit toward “Battle Tested.”
Sharing “First Charge is Free!” no longer sometimes causes players to be unable to complete the quest.
The Cooking Pot required for “Revenge is Tasty” now correctly requires 1 Outland Cooking to use.
All Sandclaw Crabs are again valid targets for the Friendship Net during “Gather Friends.”
Players can again complete “Flush Them Out” while on “Twist the Knife.”

World Quests

Players who leave “Make Loh Go” before completing it are no longer swarmed by enemies.
The quest item Talanji’s Mojo is now correctly removed from a character’s inventory when leaving the active area during “Don’t Stalk Me, Troll.”

World

Certain Prismatic Crystals in Nazjatar are now easier to interact with.
Fixed an issue that prevented players from seeing the Banshee’s Wail in Port of Zandalar.
A hole in the Imperial Gardens has been covered up.
Players should no longer get stuck while exploring Chitterspine Caverns.
Fixed an issue that caused chunks of terrain to disappear in Northrend.




newmodelsNew Models


  

    
    
   
  


newiconsNew Maps and Icons


            

 