Stoy2019-08-05, 08:24 PMReserve Your Name in WoW Classic on August 12 at 3:00 p.m. PDT
Character name reservation for WoW Classic opens next week on Monday, August 12 at 3:00 p.m. PDT. Players with an active subscription or game time on their World of Warcraft account will be able to create up to three characters per WoW account and have the names reserved before WoW Classic releases worldwide on Monday, August 26 at 3:00 p.m. PDT.

We will release details regarding realm names and realm types later this week so you can coordinate with your friends on where to begin your adventure. If there are high numbers of players congregating on individual realms during the name reservation/character creation process, we will post warnings about the potential for long queues on those realms, giving you time to choose alternate realms. Also please note: Character creation will be limited to only one faction per realm on PvP realms.

After release, the number of WoW Classic character that can be created per WoW game account will change to the following limits:


A maximum of 10 characters per WoW Classic realm.
A maximum of 50 characters across all WoW Classic realms in your region.
Only one faction per realm on PvP realms.


There is no overlap regarding character limits with World of Warcraft, so if you have 50 characters in Battle for Azeroth you can create 50 more characters in WoW Classic.

WoW Classic’s worldwide release is almost here so it’s time to get started organizing and planning your path to level 60!



Blue Posts
Artifact skins unlock question
In Legion I played Horde and I unlocked the mage tower appearance. Recently I leveled a Human Warrior and I want to unlock the 3 other colors for the mage tower appearance. Can that be done on my new warrior or do I have to unlock them on my Horde character?
As Cedrad said here, this does need to be done on the character who has the original unlock, in this case that would be your Horde Warrior. Once they have completed the requirements to unlock the other colors though those would be available to use for Transmog by other Warriors on the account spec restrictions still apply Blue Tracker https://blue.mmo-champion.com/topic/1107245-artifact-skins-unlock-question/ / Official Forums https://eu.forums.blizzard.com/en/wow/t/66874/7