Stoy2019-09-20, 06:07 PMBrewfest 2019
Brewfest  is back again with item level 395 trinkets! This year the event runs from September 20 to October 6. As with many of the holiday events, this one was changed to allow you to queue at a lower level.

If you are still leveling alts, don't forget to grab the Brewfest Enthusiast  buff at 6:15 AM and 6:15 PM PDT outside of Ironforge and Orgrimmar at the Tapping of the Keg ceremony.


What's New in 2019

Blizzard revamped a lot of the event in an earlier patch.
New items

Garland of Grain  - 150 Brewfest Prize Token 
Tabard of Brew  - 200 Brewfest Prize Token 
Brewfest Reveler's Hearthstone  - 200 Brewfest Prize Token 
Brewfest Chowdown Trophy  - 5 Chowdown Champion Token  a currency obtained from winning the new Chowdown event.
Bottomless Brewfest Stein  - 10 Brewfest Prize Token  




   


The grounds have gotten visual revamps with the allied races getting their own stands as seen below. Both factions also have an outhouse with a line.



        
        
        
        



The barrel of apples has a new model.



 


There is a new event, the Brewfest Chowdown, which is an eating contest. 

The event begins once 4 people click the stand.
You have 3 buttons - one to eat, one to drink, and one to call for more food.

Eating fills your bar
Drinking reduces the bar.
You have to call for more food after eating 3x.

The goal is to be the first to finish 10 plates while trying not to let the bar get to 100 as it makes you choke for a few seconds

A variety of events other than a Dark Iron attack can happen such as alementals running rampant or Hozen attacks.
Down With The Dark Iron  has been removed from the Brewmaster  achievement.
The loot from Coren Direbrew  is item level 395 for max level characters.



Brewfest Kegs Are Tapped and Festivities are in Full Swing! September 20–October 6
“First celebrated by the dwarves, Brewfest now holds appeal among all the races of Azeroth!”

Get ready to crack open a cold one with friends new and old during our revamped Brewfest! Sample brews from Azeroth and beyond with representatives from many prominent playable races during the booziest time of year.

When - September 20–October 6
Where - Ironforge Entrance Alliance, Orgrimmar Entrance Horde
Currency - Brewfest Prize Tokens

Completing quests and activities on the Brewfest grounds will generally reward you with Brewfest Prize Tokens. These are used to purchase most of the items you will find on sale at Brewfest.


Activities
NEW! Brewfest Chowdown
Slurp and burp your way through this eating contest to be crowned the Chowdown Champion. Compete with three other players in front of a panel of spectators to prove your prowess but try not to choke literally! The first to finish 10 plates of sausages takes home the prize. Manners optional. Speak with Etga Horde or Britta Steinhart Alliance to participate. Prize: 1 Brewfest Chowdown Champion Token.


 

NEW! Timed Events
Every half hour a group of alementals, hozen, or Dark Iron dwarves will show up to destroy the Brewfest grounds. Put a stop to their shenanigans for a reward once a day.

Chug ‘n Chuck Alementals
Throw nearby taster mugs at these destructive alementals to put a cork in their plans.

Shoo Pesky Hozen
Unruly hozen want to monkey around—restore order by driving away these pests.

Tip: Some of these buggers are winged, so saddle up on a flying mount to reach them!

Brawl with Dark Iron Dwarves!
Get your fists swingin’ when the Dark Iron dwarves invade the Brewfest grounds!


 

Ceremonial Keg Tapping
Join the Draenor-famous Frostwolf brewery Warband Ales for a special toast during Brewfest at 6 a.m. or 6 p.m. server time. Alliance players can do the same with the Thunderbrew and Barleybrew breweries.


 

Daily Quests
Complete special daily quests to obtain experience, gold, and Brewfest Prize Tokens to purchase holiday items.

Sample Fine Food and Brew
Stumble your way through the grounds while trying specialty food and brew from all over Azeroth and Draenor.

Holiday Items
Earn Brewfest souvenirs while gallivanting around Brewfest!

NEW BREWFEST SOUVENIRS

NEW! Garland of Grain: A festive crown adorned with a golden pretzel that you can wear during Brewfest.
NEW! Tabard of Brew: Show off your love for Brewfest year-round with this tabard!
NEW! Brewfest Chowdown Trophy: Proudly display your Brewfest Chowdown Trophy!
NEW! Bottomless Brewfest Stein: Fill your Brewfest Stein at a Brewfest Festive Keg.
NEW! Brewfest Reveler’s Hearthstone: Return home in the most jubilant way possible!



 

MOUNTS

Great Brewfest Kodo: Coren Direbrew won this prize after drinking a Tauren druid under the table – and the druid was in bear form. It was one of Direbrew’s proudest moments.
Swift Brewfest Ram: Dwarves attribute this breed’s even temperament to rigorous training, but other races argue that a daily diet of strong ale has something to do with it.


BREWFEST GOODS

Blix’s Eyesight Enhancing Romance Goggles: Guaranteed by Blix Fixwidget to make EVERYONE look attractive!
Brewfest Garb:Put together a full festive appearance by wearing three of the following cosmetic pieces: Blue Brewfest Hat, Green Brewfest Hat, Brown Brewfest Hat, Purple Brewfest Hat, Brewfest Dress, Brewfest Regalia, Brewfest Slippers, and Brewfest Boots.
Brewhelm: Attach two tankards to your head or helmet.
Synthebrew Goggles XL: Warning: Do not wear while mounted.
“Brew of the Month” Club Membership Form: Sign up to join a monthly brew club!
Angry Brewfest Letter: WARNING: Once an angry letter is sent, you will never be able to join the Club again!
Feed your mount these hops to transform it into a Brewfest steed: Fresh Dwarven Brewfest HopsFresh Goblin Brewfest HopsFresh Brewfest Hops, or Preserved Brewfest Hops.


TOYS

Brewfest Pony Keg: Tap a pony keg of delicious Brewfest Brew.
Brewfest Keg Pony: Summon a beer-toting keg pony for 3 minutes.
Brewfest Banner: Represent Brewfest!
Steamworks Sausage Grill: Places a Steamworks Sausage Grill that increases the spirits of those nearby by 4 and allows cooking.
Pandaren Brewpack: Carry a keg of brew on your back for 3 minutes. Drink brew or toss some to friends!
Gravil Goldbraid’s Famous Sausage Hat: You never sausage a hat!


BATTLE PETS

Pint-Sized Pink Pachyderm: A shy creature, the pink elekk will only make its presence known to those that have befriended it, or to anyone too intoxicated to harm it.
Wolpertinger’s Tankard: Many a drunken Brewfest goer has told the tale of this mysterious creature, but few remember that tale in the morning.
Stout Alemental: The Pandaren Brewmasters accidentally brought a barrel of Uncle Gao's last sentient batch of brew with them to Brewfest.


HEIRLOOM UPGRADES

Ancient Heirloom Scabbard: Upgrade an heirloom weapon allowing it to increase in power up to level 90.
Timeworn Heirloom Scabbard: Upgrade an heirloom weapon allowing it to increase in power up to level 100. Only works on heirlooms that scale to level 90.


Achievements

BREWMASTER: Completing the achievements The Brewfest Diet, Brew of the Month, Direbrewfest, Does Your Wolpertinger Linger?, and Have Keg, Will Travel will reward the meta-achievement Brewmaster. Awards the title Brewmaster.
THE BREWFEST DIET: Eat 8 of the following Brewfest foods—Dried Sausage, Pickled Sausage, Savory Sausage, Spiced Onion Cheese, Spicy Smoked Sausage, Succulent Sausage, The Essential Brewfest Pretzel, and The Golden Link.
BREW OF THE MONTH: Join the Brew of the Month club.
DIREBREWFEST: Kill Coren Direbrew.
DOES YOUR WOLPERTINGER LINGER?: Obtain a Wolpertinger pet from the Brewfest quest line.
HAVE KEG, WILL TRAVEL: Obtain a Brewfest mount, or transform yours into one using Brewfest Hops.
DOWN WITH THE DARK IRON: Defend the Brewfest camp from the Dark Iron attack and complete the quest. “This One Time, When I Was Drunk…”
BREW OF THE YEAR: Sample 12 beers featured in the Brew of the Month club. Requires a “Brew of the Month” Club Membership Form.
ALMOST BLIND LUCK: Fall 65 yards without dying while wearing Synthebrew Goggles during the Brewfest Holiday.
STRANGE BREW: Acquire the Brewfest beers listed below. Don’t drink them all at once!
DISTURBING THE PEACE: While wearing 3 pieces of Brewfest clothing, get completely smashed and dance in Dalaran.
A BREW-FAST MOUNT: Obtain an epic Brewfest mount.


Be sure to hop on over to the Brewfest staging areas at the gates of Orgrimmar and Ironforge September 20–October 6 to join the festivities.