Stoy2019-08-12, 04:28 PMWoW Classic Name Reservations Open Today!
WoW Classic name reservations open today! Players with an active subscription or game time on their World of Warcraft account can create up to three characters per WoW account before WoW Classic releases worldwide on Monday, August 26 at 3:00 p.m. PDT.


 

When you reserve a name, you’ll also choose the realm you will play that character on. There are a few additional things to keep in mind as you make your choice:


Players who choose to play on a PvP realm will only be able to create characters within the same faction. This means that if you create an Alliance character, all further characters on that realm must also be Alliance characters.
After WoW Classic is live, you’ll be able to create up to 10 characters on any given realm and can create a maximum of 50 characters across all WoW Classic realms. This character count does not impact the number of characters you can create on the current World of Warcraft realms.
Characters that were created for the WoW Classic beta or stress tests will not be available to use in WoW Classic.


To create a character and play WoW Classic, you will need to download and install the client first.


 


Open the Battle.net desktop app and select World of Warcraft in the game selection menu.
Under the Version menu, select World of Warcraft Classic. If you have more than one World of Warcraft account, you’ll see a second dropdown for Account. In that column, select the active account you want to play on.
Click the Install button. You’ll see an installation progress bar that will show you when the installation is available to play.
Once the installation is complete, click the Play button.


You’ll need to select the realm you want to play on then select Create New Character. You’ll be able to choose your faction, class, and race, as well as fully customize your new character and name them. If you change your mind about a character and have already created your three, you will need to choose a character to delete. Please note, the name associated with the character deleted will be immediately available again to be claimed.

Before you put your plans too firmly in place, we encourage you to gather your allies together to select your new home realm. If you’re looking to reconnect with your old friends and guildmates, be sure to check out our Classic Connections forum.

Available Realms for North America


 


Available Realms for Oceania


 

Once you’ve created your new character, all that will be left is to synchronize your chronometer with your friends and allies and prepare for your world of Warcraft domination! We’ll see you in Azeroth at 3:00 p.m. PDT on August 26!



Patch 8.2.5 PTR - Updated Worgen Animations
Today we are taking a look at some of the new and improved animations for Worgens coming with their model update in Patch 8.2.5. The most notable changes come in their casting and running animations!


<iframe width="900" height="506" src="" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>


Dark Legacy Comics #690
DLC #690  has been released! 


 