chaud2019-09-21, 12:35 AMThe Next Battle for Azeroth Content Update Goes Live September 24!
The next World of Warcraft: Battle for Azeroth content update provides new character models for the worgen and goblins, the introduction of Party Sync, the epic conclusion to the War Campaign, and more.

New Worgen and Goblin Character Models
First introduced in World of Warcraft: Cataclysm, worgen and goblins are getting some long-anticipated improvements to their character models. These updates touch on every aspect of how the worgen and goblins look—from their faces to their animations. [Learn More ]


  

New Mount: Honeyback Harvester
Stormsong’s Beekeepers have discovered a new hive in town. Alliance players can work with Barry to locate the hive and court the favor of the Hivemother in order to earn the Honeyback Harvester mount—and both factions can earn several other bee-themed toys and items. [Learn More ]


  

The War Campaign Concludes
Tensions continue to rise between Saurfang, Anduin, and the Banshee Queen Sylvanas. Discover what awaits the Horde and Alliance in the final chapter of the War Campaign.

Join Your Friends in Their Adventures with Party Sync
Party Sync is a new feature that makes it easier than ever for friends to party up and quest together. When players activate Party Sync, everyone in the party becomes aligned to the same quest state and phase. [Learn More ]


  

Content Update Notes
Learn more in our content update notes 



  


Patch 8.2.5 Hotfixes - September 20, 2019
Brewfest

“Direbrew’s Dire Brew” and “Brewfest!” can again be turned in for rewards.
Horde players can again bark for breweries in Orgrimmar. 
Brewfest Chowdown no longer ends prematurely if replayed quickly.
The charges for each Brewfest Chowdown contestants Refreshing Brew will be reset to 3 when the next contest begins.
The Brewfest Chowdown Trophy will no longer spam players’ chat logs with garbled messages.


Classes

Death Knight

Unholy

Resolved an issue that could cause the Risen Skulker summoned by All Will Serve Talent to not attack enemy players in Arenas and Battlegrounds.




Dungeons and Raids

Azshara’s Eternal Palace

Queen Azshara

Successfully defeating Queen Azshara should no longer kill players under the effects of Essence of Azeroth.




WoW Classic

Players can again receive loot when fishing in ocean waters.