Stoy2019-08-23, 03:18 AMNew WoW Classic Realms Opening Monday, 26 August - NA
August 26, 2019 10:00 AM PST, We will remove the limitation on only creating a total of three WoW Classic characters per WoW account. Thereafter, players will be able to create up to 10 characters per Classic realm, for a total of 50 characters across all Classic realms per WoW account.

Additionally, at August 26, 2019 10:00 AM PST, we will open the following new realms in this region:


  



At this time, all realms that have a Full or High population tag are expected to experience extended queues. We urge players on realms marked Full or High to plan to play on one of these new realms to avoid the longest queues, and to help spread the player population as evenly as possible and provide the best play experience for everyone.
Thank you!



New WoW Classic Realms Opening Monday, 26 August - EU
August 26, 2019 10:00 AM PST, we will remove the limitation on only creating a total of three WoW Classic characters per WoW account. Thereafter, players will be able to create up to 10 characters per Classic realm, for a total of 50 characters across all Classic realms per WoW account.

Additionally, at August 26, 2019 10:00 AM PST, we will open the following new realms in this region:


 

At this time, all realms that have a Full or High population tag are expected to experience extended queues. We urge players on realms marked Full or High to plan to play on one of these new realms to avoid the longest queues, and to help spread the player population as evenly as possible and provide the best play experience for everyone.

Thank you!



Leviathan's Eye Nerf Blizzard Clarification
Leviathan's Eye Nerfs show a clear misunderstanding on how WEAK main stats are
The change being discussed here was the first of two changes in this patch that are together related to a cleanup of how stats are calculated for some gems. After the second fix is implemented in the next build of 8.2.5, there should be no overall changes to their stats.

Sorry for the confusion!



Overcrowded Realm Update – August 21
Since our last update, we have continued to see the community create new characters in preparation for the launch of WoW® Classic next week. During this process, we have seen a regular trend where characters keep being made on Full realms. Each of the Full realms has a LOT of characters to the extent that it may be more than can fit into the queue system. As a result, you may not be able to get into the queue when you want to play and even if you do, it will likely be a very long wait. For a better play experience, we highly recommend that players avoid creating characters on any realm marked as Full.

Additionally, at this time, based on their expected population and queues, we strongly advise people to move off the following realms:


NA

Herod – PvP
Faerlina – PvP
Whitemane – PvP

EU

Shazzrah – PvP
Golemagg – PvP



If you are currently planning to play on one of these realms, you should expect extremely long queue times that take several hours to get through. In order to have a better play experience, we urge players on these realms to consider moving to the Blaumeux Pacific Time Zone and Skeram Eastern Time Zone realms.

All of the existing realms have a healthy population. Even a Full realm in 2006 would be Low by our current metrics. Any realm that is listed above Medium should expect queues at launch, with increasing severity from High to Full.



World of Warcraft Classic Community Resources
World of Warcraft Classic provides players the opportunity to delve into a faithful recreation of the original WoW® experience, but no one needs to go it alone. We’ve gathered together some of the best resources from around the community to help.

World of Warcraft Official Site News and Forums
Stay on top of all the official World of Warcraft Classic news by visiting the official site  using the “WoW Classic” tag 

World of Warcraft Official forums: Make your way over to the official WoW Classic forums to meet up with players like you.

WoW Classic General Discussion  Discuss your experiences with others, get help, and meet new friends.
WoW Classic Bug Report  You can report bugs within WoW Classic, or post on the Bug Report forum.
WoW Classic New Guild Listings  If you’re looking for a guild to join, you can find one looking for members here.
Classic Connections 2004-2006:  Trying to reconnect with old friends or guildmates? Follow the prompts to see if you can reconnect with them here.


Fansites and Communities

Wowhead Classic  Wowhead has a suite of tools including talent calculator , gear planner , and a variety of strategy guides available for players looking to maximize their experience in WoW® Classic. If you’re feeling extra nostalgic, you can also use Wowhead’s Thottbot visual theme 

WoW Classic guides by Quissy 

Icy Veins  Covering the latest WoW Classic news, Icy Veins has a variety of strategy guides and information on classes , professions , dungeons , and reputations 
WoW Classic Reddit  Join other WoW Classic community members to discuss your experiences in the game, swap stories, or get help and support from others.

Azeroth Noob  A helpful Reddit community for players new to WoW Classic.

classic WoW.live  classicWoW.live serves as a community hub of guides, tools, streams and more.


Podcasts

Countdown to Classic  Hosted by Josh Corbett, this long running podcast serves up the latest and most comprehensive information on WoW Classic.
Classicast  Hosted by a variety of streamers including Esfand, StaysafeTV and more with a focus on WoW Classic news and discussions.
DefTalk / Good Morning Azeroth  Hosted by Defcamp and Melderon this podcast provides interviews, guides, discussions, and more.
The Classic Casual  Hosts Allen and Anthony explore all aspects of WoW Classic while planning the fate of their characters.
Warcraft Radio  Newly returned to the air you can catch their new shows including Classic Completionist  hosted by Kikijiki on Twitch 


Did we miss one of your favorite fansites, podcasts or streams? Share them in the comments below.