Stoy2019-09-19, 11:45 PMBlizzard Update on WoW Classic Recent DDoS Attacks 
Hello everyone. We wanted to return to this subject and put some closure on it. As always, It is our top priority to resolve any issues that prevent players from having a smooth gameplay experience.

Immediately after the Distributed Denial of Service attacks against our game service began, the Blizzard Security Team worked around the clock with local and international law enforcement agencies to track down the source of the DDoS. It is our understanding that, within a few days, authorities were able to successfully identify and arrest a suspect.

We really appreciate your patience and understanding.


WoW Classic - Blizzard Looking into Feign Death Bug Reports
Hey everybody, I wanted to take a minute to talk about Feign Death. Hunters are understandably very concerned about the behavior of such an iconic ability, with a variety of important uses, and I want to assure you that we’re aware of your reports and we’re investigating. This one isn’t easy at all. In our reference builds, many of the same behaviors that players are reporting do occur, but sometimes with slight differences in timing or consistency, which makes it really difficult to even identify a clear bug in the first place. However, despite this difficulty we have made some progress here.

The first issue is that Feign Death cancels when you move, including if you turn, and very often high-skill hunters are running from an opponent, turning to shoot behind them, and then Feign Death to drop a trap. It some of these cases, Feign Death is failing because the spell-cancel on turning is more sensitive in WoW Classic than it was in 1.12. We’ve tracked down why it’s more sensitive, and we’re testing a change now that relaxes the spell cancellation to make it less likely that you’ll inadvertently trigger this if you’re trying to stop turning to cast Feign Death. That said, if you continue turning after the cast, or keep turning during the cast, you can still cause Feign Death to be cancelled. This fix will go out soon as a hotfix.

There are other reports about it taking too long to drop combat, or having combat re-activated because your pet is getting attacked, and we’re still looking at those issues. We’re tracking a couple of leads there, but we haven’t got this bug in our sights yet, so it may take a bit more time to figure out what’s really going on here.

I’m sorry it’s not a silver bullet, but hopefully it gives you some peace of mind to know we’re listening, and still investigating the issues.


WoW Classic - Seasonal Fish Bug
Did somebody say Fishing? I love fishing. I know some of you think I’m crazy, but I’m hooked on it, and one of the things that’s really cool about fishing in WoW Classic is the seasonal fish.

We realize that Summer is coming to an end soon, and there’s currently a bug preventing you from netting seasonal fish from the oceans of Azeroth. We realize this is a time sensitive issue, and people want to be able to catch Summer Bass before the Summer ends, so we made it a reel top priority, but this issue turned out to be a can of worms, and as a result, probably will not be fixed before the end of summer.

Sorry we didn’t catch it sooner, but we think we’ve got a line on it, and we’ll let you know if we’re able to land it.