chaud2019-08-27, 02:01 AMDeveloper Interview - Launch Day Login Experience
Forbes has an interview  with Ion Hazzikostas about layering and launch day.


Layering is the lesser of several evils when it comes to handling launch week populations.
Many people have been waiting for this launch for years and are committed to the long haul, but there will also be tons of tourists checking it out at launch.
The team is predicting a fairly steep drop off compared to the interest players are showing on launch day.
Community is very important in Classic, so keeping the number of realms reasonable to ensure a healthy population is important. 
The team really really wants to avoid having to offer transfers or merging Classic realms later.
Raising player caps on realms could be done but causes contention for finite spawn points and leads to bottlenecks. 
When you log in, you'll be assigned to a layer and will stay there for that gameplay session. 
The only way to change layers will be accepting a group invite from a player in another layer. Once you move to that new layer, that'll be your new layer for the gameplay session.
The team expects to aggressively reduce the number of layers after the first few days.
As the team goes into Phase 2, the goal is to have just one layer per realm.
Layers will be removed with realm restarts or during maintenance. 



US and Oceanic - New WoW Classic Realms are Now Open
Due to very high demand, we’ve opened two new WoW Classic realms in this region:

Ashkandi - Normal - Eastern
Kirtonos - PvP - Eastern
Rattlegore - PvP - Pacific
Kurinnaxx – PvP - Pacific
Kromcrush – PvP – Eastern
Yojamba - PvP - AEST

We suggest that players choosing a realm consider one of these, as other realms currently marked as “Full” population will experience extended queues.

Thank you!


EU - New WoW Classic Realms Enabled
Due to extremely high demand, we’ve established the following new WoW Classic realms in this region:

Stonespine – PvP - EN-EU
Noggenfogger – PvP – EN-EU

We suggest that players choosing a realm consider one of these, as the other realms currently marked as “Full” population will experience queues.

Thank you!