Boubouille2007-04-16, 04:22 PMSome informations about Ogri'la, thanks to all the contributors of this thread  on Elitistjerks 

First, let's start with the most important information. FREE EPIX !!!!!! Well, kinda.
Monsters of Bash'ir Landing can drop epic and rare equipment token, when used with 50 Apexis Shards Dropping from the same monsters you can transform them into decent epics and rares items.








1. Ethereal guy sends you off to find a prison key. The key is a fairly rare drop from any ethereal near Manaforge Ultris. This item can be looted by everyone in the party.

2. Ethereal guy sends you off to get another key and open a prison. Opening the prison will spawn a 70 non-elite that drops a green and an ID card. The ID card is required to complete the quest, but only drops for 1 person so you have to do this 5 times.

2.5. You can continue turning in ID cards for more rep, but this requires more keys.

3. Ethereal guy sends you off to get 5 keys. It took at least an 1.5 hours of actual played time not counting the frequent server crashes just to get 5 for myself. To key an entire group would take substantially longer there aren't enough mobs in the area to support 5 people anyway. These keys also drop from the Bash'ir Ethereals in Blade's Edge, where there are far more mobs to kill, but the drop rate is still pretty bad.

4. The keys combine to form another key that opens a prison in the upper portions of Blade's Edge Mountains. Opening this prison unleashes a Gronn lord. The quest recommends 5 people, but this guy can be snared, feared, everything, and you can easily 2-man kite him. He occasionally uses a ranged daze and "knock-up", so you probably can't solo him unless you're a warlock chain fearing.

5. Turning in the quest item that drops off the gronn lord unlocks the ability to get an additional 5 keys to summon more "bosses." It also unlocks a quest to obtain a Mark of the Nexus-King, which is supposedly a non-guaranteed drop off of any of the "bosses."

6. Quest text says the mark will allow you to open a statis cell in Mana-Tombs, probably resulting in a new boss in Heroic mode and new loot, haven't gotten this far due to the sheer number of keys this would require.


In addition, there is an altar in the Bash'ir landing area where you can trade Apexis Shards for flasks  The Apexis Shards are a fairly common drop off any of the Ethereals in the area.
[b] Unstable Flask of the Bandit : +20 Agi +40 AP +30 Sta
Unstable Flask of the Beasts : +20 Agi +20 Str +30 Sta
Unstable Flask of the Elder : +20 Int +8 MP5 +30 Sta
Unstable Flask of the Physician : +20 Int +44 Healing +30 Sta
Unstable Flask of the Soldier : +20 Crit Rating +20 Str +30 Sta
Unstable Flask of the Sorcerer : +20 Int +23 Spl Dmg +30 Sta

1 The keys that drop from the Ethereals in Netherstorm have a very low drop rate.
2 Every Ethereal Spawn point, except for the guards surrounding the Nexus Prince, and possibly the other stationary ones in the proving grounds, have a chance to spawn an "Ethereal Jailor" instead. The Jailors have a 100% drop rate of the keys. Considering you need 5 to summon the baddies in BEM, they are amazing for saving time.
3 The bosses summoned in Bash'ir, after the Gronn one, are all equally CC-able. I've fought an Eredar-Lord so far, and a Pit-Lord 
These bosses can drop rare items.




After a few kills of these bosses, you should be able to get a Mark of the Nexus King, unlocking a new quest  rewarded with Heroic Badges
Simple quest if you can stealth in, it's directly to the left in the room after Pandemonius. An ambassador pops out and says 'There's a being of immense power within these tombs'.
Then you can go back to Blade's Edge Mountains and get your reward.

3 Quests are following up. One is a repeatable quest to turn in 5 keys, to summon a Bash'ir boss.
The second is for "The second stasis chamber, should you choose to do so!", and it requires another Mark of the Nexus-Kings.
You get a key  to open another stasis chamber to encounter ... Yor, Void Hound of Shaffar ! 