Boubouille2007-08-25, 06:46 AMCurse.com http://www.curse.com/articles/details/2840/ interviewed Tigole during the Games Convention and managed to get a few updates about some features. 

Nexus
In the Borean Tundra 2nd starting zone with Howling Fjord will be the Nexus. This is where you will find the blue dragons splitted between 3 instances :
A level 70-71, 5 players instance Ice Caverns.
A level 80 instance that let you fight on big magical rings that float above the grounds o_O
A rift in the sky where you will be able to fight Malygos with a 25 person raid. Like Gruul or Onyxia, it will be a short raid 



Dustwallow Marsh
A new goblin town will be added to Dustwallow Marsh with new quests. 

Faster leveling
In a future patch before the expansion, levels 20 to 60 will have the experience required per-level reduced and quests will yield 30% more experience. 

Heroic Badges
As long with the tons of new items added to the heroic badge vendor in 2.3, they're considering the possibility to add armor sets as heroic badges rewards. 

Utgarde Keep
The first dungeon of WotLK will have two wings. The first one being Utgarde Keep, a level 70 instance for 5 players. The second one is Utgarde Pinnacle, this one will be level 80 for 5 players. Both instances will have heroic modes.

Inscription profession
They don't want a profession to just do spell improvements like +100 damage, instead they want it to be something that let you increase the radius of your frost nova, or increase the root timer of the spell, etc ...

Hunters
Hunters may get a "woodworking" profession in the future, to let them create arrows. But it will be released much later, don't expect it for WotLK
They're trying to improve the desirability of hunters in arenas, one of the idea is to give them a mortal strike-like shot that reduces the healing effectiveness on the target.



You can read the full interview on Curse.com http://www.curse.com/articles/details/2840/
You can also check the video of the interview http://news.curse.com/details/2842/