Boubouille2007-07-27, 06:28 AMLogical loot
It seems that the preview from Warcry yesterday was a bit too optimistic. The "Logical loot" is nothing more than what we already have. 
There have always been boss and item design goals to have bosses that drop loot they themselves are wielding. You can see this in Scarlet Monastery, Shadow Labyrinth, and Molten Core, just to name a few.

As no itemization for Zul’Aman has been shown to anyone yet, it would be difficult to discuss specific cases where this may occur within the dungeon. It's certainly not a new philosophical change though, it's been there since the game's release.

We’re still working to provide everyone with an immersive and challenging experience in Zul’Aman, and we hope to be able to share more information in the coming months. 

Source


Motes of Shadow
Blizzard is trying to balance the price of motes, this could explain why the new patterns in Karazhan see the 2.2 Changes compilation uses tons of Primal Shadow. Or maybe that's just because Karazhan is full of evil things

The general consensus is that they're still the cheapest of the primals/motes. While prices look to be rising due to some changes a patch or so back to lessen how many mobs can drop shadow motes, they're still not really in-line with the others.

It could be that there is a stockpile, or that they're not generally used for more in-demand items in large amounts, or they're just still easy to come by. More than likely it's some combination of each of those. I don't see the drop rates as being too low personally and I believe the designers agree at this point, and if it appears to be more lucrative to obtain another type of mote or primal they can easily be sold for much more than shadow, and then shadow can be purchased.

We're keeping our eye on things, and if shadow really looks like it was cut back too far we can make adjustments. At this time it doesn't appear both by drop rate and AH cost that is the case.

I've been trying to convince someone to have motes of fire have a chance to drop from every type of mineral node, but I don't think they're going for it...

[url=] Source 

Website
The bug that some people had with the advertising on the top of the page should be fixed. If you've got any error with the website please report it. Seriously, it makes me happy

We also had a few server issues lately, nothing really bad, but this should be fixed next week.