Boubouille2007-04-03, 02:22 PMComics A bit late
LFGComic #31  is out.
Dark Legacy Comic #86  is out ... I guess.

There aren't many news today, so here is something to keep you busy :
The following is PURE speculation based on a 1st april news from Blizzard
You really shouldn't trust this, but a man can dream. 

As some of you might have noticed, there is an official news on WorldOfWarcraft.com  listing all the April fool jokes. 

We hope you enjoyed our April Fools events. If you missed them, check out yesterdays jokes:
* Tinfoil Hat
* Forums: Blizzard Icons and Text Color
* Warcraft: Heroes of Azeroth
* Black Temple Attunement Chart
The Blizzard Joke Team™ will see you again next year. Just kidding! We're always around waiting to pounce!

This is quite a detailed list, even the color change on forums is here... So why is it interesting ? 
Not a word about the Baa'ri priests faction page here on the european website  At first I thought they forgot to mention it because it was only a Blizzard Europe joke, and I decided to check the US website. After a little URL changing, I ended here :

Why would they bother creating a complete faction page if they didn't use it on the 1st April ?

A lot of people interpreted this faction as a joke because of the holy resistance, but even if it's not shown on the character sheet in game, it's been in the game "files" since the beginning and it's probably a matter of changing two or three lines of the code to enable it. 

In my opinion, Blizzard will introduce two new factions with the Black Temple, the Ashtongue Deathsworn that we already know, and the Priests of Baa'ri.
At the moment, only a few people are crazy enough to change their Aldor/Scryers faction to get the other side rewards. Maybe Blizzard is planning to add a part of these rewards to neutral factions to make more items available. Which explain why there are some Aldor rewards being transfered to Baa'ri, and possibly Scryers rewards to Ashtongue Deathsworn.
The Holy Resistance has been in the game API for ever, and I don't see any reason to not add it at a certain point. Even if the game files are full of features which will never be added
Even if it was linked to the Black Temple Attunement news on the european website, the Baa'ri priest page itself doesn't show any sign of joke


Just to keep the credibility of this site alive, here is a list of things that prove how fake it could be :
Holy resistance ? No way !
It was directly linked to an April fool news.
They just changed a few names and added a few stats to the Aldor rewards


If this is indeed a joke, congratulations to Blizzard team for keeping me busy that long.