Boubouille2007-08-04, 05:34 PMLive Stream is up
You can use the stream on giga.de http://www.giga.de/2/live/free/.
If it doesn't work install the Octoshape plugin http://www.octoshape.com/plugin/get.asp and use http://127.0.0.1:6498/ms/asf/EPGIGA.giga350/Octoshape?MSWMExt=.asf http://127.0.0.1:6498/ms/asf/EPGIGA.giga350/Octoshape?MSWMExt=.asf in windows media player. Yes, I know, it's a 127.0.0.1 URL but it works, Octoshape knows what to do with it

Schedule
See previous post.

Dalaran
More will come out about that soon but basically the Blue Dragonflight has taken a turn for the worse and the Kirin Tor are concerned about it. What's about to ensue is a battle over magic and once Dalaran is rebuilt, it will be the staging grounds for that battle

Engineers
Jeff Kaplan: They'll be able to craft a new flying machine... that much i can tell you

Class Panel Q&A
Druid Moonkin : Mana issues are being looked at.
Mages : Water Fountain and Muffin Factory are incoming. No more "WATER PLZ !!!"
Hunters : Many changes for hunters will be implemented in 2.3, more utilities for arena battles and group utility are planned.
Hunters : Mana issues are being looked at.
Shamans : Crowd Control spells might be available in levels 71 to 80.
Shamans : Totems are being looked at, The Mana Spring totem will be a lot stronger than it is and some other will be made stronger too.
Priests : Fear Ward will be spread around.
Priests Holy : Lightwell and other abilities are being looked at.
Paladins Retribution : Stat distribution will be changed, spell damage won't be as much needed as before.
Warrior Protection : They might up the damage a bit while tanking to make the class more fun.

Stats : Spirit will be improved in WotLK. 

PvP Panel
In AV, players won't spawn in the cave until there's nowhere else to spawn. Players will have the ability to report other players for being AFK, like the spam reports. You can remove this debuff by going in combat. If you don't, you won't gain any honor.
Honor gain will be more important at the end of a BG to make people stay.
Guild Battlegrounds are considered. 
Siege Weapons and destroyable buildings will be in the expansion Undead Meatwagon throwing corpses, catapult used to attack buildings
Some arena weapons will have a "rating requirement" in the future. 
Lake Wintergrasp - Outdoor PvP focused zone even on PvE servers with siege weapons. 
They're considering a "skirmish mode" where you could chose the team you'll face in Arena.
Some items might be added to Battleground Marks rewards.
Hunter Weapons price might be lowered to reflect the fact that they need a bow and 1h/2h weapons. 
Rogue mobility in Arena could be changed. 
The Season 3 Paladin Retribution set will have resilience. 



Zul'aman loot : [item=35000,en,wh], [item=35001,en,wh]


http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/siteImages/images/news/2007/july/epicswordlegendaryrange.jpg http://www.wowinsider.com/2007/08/04/professions-and-items-liveblog/

Professions & Item Panel
Things we want to do more
Best in slot equipment Give each profession a very good BoP item
Create great leveling gear Including in Northrend from 70 to 80
Provide what's missing Fill itemization gaps with crafts



Things to Improve
Engineering is gonna get some love
Transmute Change the 24h cooldown into a daily cooldown
Discoveries They will make some easier to get, deviate delight would have been good as a discovery
Vendor Recipes will change the camping thing, make it random but not campable



Inscription
Not Alchemy or Enchanting
Inscribe Spells and Abilities with additional power Shadow bolt could do more damage, backstab could crit more, etc ...
Create completely new type of items. Too early in development to talk about it, but making spells more powerful is just one part of the Inscriptions



Coming Soon 2.2 and 2.3 Patches
Professions daily quests
New Crafter-Only gear more "best in slot" stuff, new jewelcrafter only gems, etc
Smoothing out the progression especially between 275 and 300



New Enchant: Executioner Drops in Zul'aman
Use: Learn how to permanently enchant a Melee Weapon to occasionally ignore 840 of your ennemy's armor. Requires a level 35 or higher item.
The visual effect will be at least as cool as Mongoose

New Gems
Shown a few gems that we already listed in this picture http://www.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2007/july/newgems.jpg

New Cooking Recipes
Melee hit food, spell crit food, storm chops AoE damage when monsters get near you 


World
Dalaran will be moved and hover above Northrend. It will be used as a neutral capital city.
There are more daily quests coming in the next patch-- a dungeon daily quest, a battleground daily quest, and a cooking daily quest.



Instances
A new 25 man dungeon is scheduled for release after Zul'aman, it will have 6 bosses with loots higher than tier 6. Another 5-man instance is also considered. This will be before the expansion
There will be a new CoT instance in the expansion.



Items
Heroic badge loot will be added to the game with Zul'Aman



Are we going to have to buy new flying mounts again? 
Laughter. You'll not "have" to buy a new flying mount, but we'll have new options available.

Will green items in Northrend be better than Tier 4? 
Yes, we do expect to see the same kind of progression. We were happy overall with the way it worked. If you're decked out in Illidan gear or the new raid zone that I can't mention just yet that will be out before the expansion !, that gear will last you a while. But players like upgrades early and often.

PvP
New Battleground
Siege vehicles that you can drive around
15 People in each team
30~40 minutes long games.



New Arena Season
New Season
New Arena
New Gear


There will also be a new Outdoor non-instanced world PVP Zone with impact on the whole world. Even for PVE Servers

Classes changes
Shaman talent changes

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/siteImages/images/news/2007/july/newshamans_small.jpg http://www.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2007/july/newshamans.jpg

Hero Classes
Hero Classes won't be released all at once because of balancing issues. They're classic Warcraft 3 characters with an "epic feel" something really different than the ordinary

The hero class will be created on a new character slot once you completed the quest, you won't lose your original character.

"We want to see how the Death Knight works out before talking about new Hero Classes"

Death Knight
The current plan is to have the class available for all races.
Designed to fullfill both tanking and DPS roles
Can tank using 2H weapons or by Dual-Wielding, no need for shields.
Rather than using rage, energy, or mana, Death Knights have a special "rune sword" displayed beneath their health bar, onto which the player can etch six different runes choose between Frost, Blood, and Unholy.
Rune resource system. Three rune schools: Blood runes, frost, and unholy runes. All DK spells and abilities will use these different runes in some combo. DKs carve these runes into their weapon-- done anytime outside of combat.
Character portrait has six runes in place of the mana bar and a special circle around the icon, probably for Hero class. These runes are consume as your spells use them-- they deactivate and then reactivate over time, so if you have two frost and four blood runes, you get that much to use as spells and abilities. We have plans for mechanics that allow you to change one resource type on the fly-- like Warlock's Life Tap Health=mana.



Death Knight Skills
Unholy Embrace
Instant Cast. 5 min cooldown.
Target is embraced by a silhouette of darkness for 6 seconds, corrupting any healing spells and effects cast upon or currently affecting the target to cause damage for 50% of their healing potential instead of restoring health. Any damage shields cast upon or currently affecting the target will also be instantly consumed, dealing 50% of their absorption potential in damage. Once afflicted with Unholy Embrace, the target cannot be afflicted with Unholy Embrace again for 1 minute.

Army of the Dead
Raises several temporary minions ghouls