Boubouille2007-08-07, 10:24 AMTons of things to post today. 

Naxxramas
QControl posted something very interesting on Elitistjerks  It seems that "Tigole mentioned that they were in serious discussion about moving Naxxramas to Northrend, toning it down to "Molten Core difficulty level" and making it an initial 25-man raid zone.". I don't know how real it is, but it would definitely confirms the Ashbringer theory

Blue posts
Drysc is nice, and Drysc loves Demon Hunters, Blademasters, and Pandarens ! Even if it's not official, it's still nice to see that someone from Blizzard is considering Brewmaster as a hero class. 
Yeah, well that kind figures in to the new definition of what a hero class is. It allows us to add new classes that start at higher levels, keeping players relatively kept up as we continue to release expansions and raise the level cap, and ultimately it really fits to use the heroes from past Warcraft games as inspiration. Some other hero classes could definitely be things like Demon Hunter, Blademaster, etc.

Wishful thinking maybe, but personally I would love to see Brewmaster at some point.
Source 

Drysc also posted about the anti-afk changes in AV, it looks like they're working on balancing issues and bug fixing too. Making AV more enjoyable is probably the easiest way to fix the amount of people going AFK.
Keep in mind that there's a lot of improvements intended to come at the same time as the anti-afk measures, because we find that the phenomenon of people going afk can't just be attributed to a single problem.

Fixing the balance issues, making sure the final pulls work correctly, offsetting more of the honor toward the final parts of the game, etc. All of this on top of the ability to stop afk players from gaining honor, and we think there's going to be a much larger draw for players to actually participate.
Source 

Death Knights
Death Knights theorycrafters will be happy to know that if your DK dual wields two weapons, you probably won't be able to etch both, only the main hand. 
There's no final decision or announcement on how multiple weapons would be etched, or how weapon switching may effect the etched runes. What has been discussed to some degree is that the main-hand weapon would be etched and that's it, but it's too early to say what would be allowed in the final game.
Source 

To answer the last question first, the rune types don't dictate a new damage type, they're simply a resource that spells and abilities will use when you activate them. The spells and abilities won't necessarily be "blood, unholy, or frost" damage. Although I would make a personal guess that it's likely for shadow spells to use unholy runes to activate, physical damage spells could use blood, and frost spells using frost runes.
For the first question, no I don't see it as being a mechanic to limit how awesome they are really, but it definitely does allow us to balance and plan for what abilities can be used, when, how often, and in what combination with other abilities. I think the new system is definitely more in-depth, and will be interesting as I think it's going to add quite a bit of complexity to being able to play the class well. Which is probably a good mark of a hero class.

Imagine it being three different energy pools which you can change the size of before you get into combat.
Source 

LFG Comic
LFG Comic  released a musical short featuring Richard. This could be Not Safe For Work and not safe to watch depending of how resistant to violence you are



<object width="425" height="350"><param name="movie" value=""></param><param name="wmode" value="transparent"></param><embed src="" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" wmode="transparent" width="425" height="350"></embed></object>