Boubouille2008-02-08, 08:36 AMCharacter copies reset ... Blue poster activity down to almost nothing ... I sense a great disturbance in the force. 

[Patch 2.4] Character copy up ?
It seems that yesterday the character count on the character copy page got a reset, maybe it's just a test, maybe it means we can expect the 2.4 patch on PTRs today. You should probably copy a character or two just to be sure. 

EU character copy 
US character copy 








[Patch 2.4] Rocket Boots changes and additions
[item=23824] are getting changed in 2.4 to make them less efficient in PvP and cloth version of these boots is being added. 
A few modifications will be made to [item=23824] crafted by engineers. 

However, a new recipe of rocket boot will be introduced : Xtreme Light Rocket-boots, the cloth version of the leather boots. The schematic will drop from Mechano-lord Capacitus. 

Xtreme Light Rocket-boots
Bind on Equip
Cloth - Armor 196
Durability 40/40
Engineering 330 required
Equip: Increases damage and healing done by magical spells and effects by up to 35.
Use: Engage the rocket boots to greatly increase your speed. You probably won't be still standing when you get there though... 5 Min Cooldown

Both pair of boots will oblige the player to drop any PvP flag Warsong, Eye of the Storm, and Zangarmarsh.
Damages inflicted at the end of the speed increase won't be increased and will stay at 250. 


WotLK Bestiary - The Shovel Tusk
The official WotLK bestiary  has been updated with a new monster : The Shovel Tusk.


  Tusk
The powerful and ferocious shovel tusks are easily identified by the massive curved antler which protrudes from their heads and the twin sloping tusks that extend from their jaw. The moose-like beasts use their tusks primarily to dig for food, whereas the antler makes for a fearsome ramming weapon in contests to establish dominance over other males.

The shovel tusks are territorial and will protect their feeding grounds with deadly force. Adventurers traveling in Northrend would be wise to avoid these cantankerous and unpredictable beasts.


     