Boubouille2007-08-24, 06:01 AMFlying mount
A few weeks ago, I happily claimed that epic mount price could be lowered with the release of WotLK. I was wrong. 
Also, it clearly states that the riding skills shouldn't be extended, which means no new type of mount. 

As Dominitus stated the mount costs going from the original game to BC was lowered to make it a smooth transition ranking through the mount riding skills. Really that 'smoothing' of the riding skill progression, now that it was being extended, was because there was somewhere for it to extend to. Flying mounts were being added. If you start a new character you can get your epic ground mount right around 60 without too much hassle, and then on to your flying mount at 70 without too much hassle. 

So really, the lowering of the cost of the flying mounts would really depend on the riding skill being extended further, and at this time there are no plans to do so.

Source 

Surgery !
WotLK won't let you totally change your character, only hairs and dances. There is no way you can change parts of your body to make them bigger, sorry elves. 

We are happy with the character models that are currently in the game and the diversity they offer our players. We have no plans at this time to implement options that would change a characters body shape or size. 

Along with this we have no plans to implement plastic surgeons.

Source

Solo instances
No extreme-instancing. Even if I don't remember seeing Blizzard mention anything about this, it's still interesting to know that they won't push it too far. 

Hrm.. I know this has come up before, but I don't recall us saying we were considering solo player instances. We feel that dungeons are great for grouping and develop our outside content to be the more solo friendly aspect of the game. 

Yes, we support people being able to solo, but being that this is still an MMORPG, we don't currently intend to create our dungeons for solo players. Even balancing for such a thing would make for less interesting dungeons as well.

[url=] Source 

Meanwhile, on PvPScene.com
Interview with C A P S L O C K C R E W  They need a sponsor !



Comics

   