Boubouille2008-06-03, 08:25 AMArena Tournament Qualifier 1 Winners
We posted about it yesterday , the results are now official !

American Realms
We’re glad to announce the winners of the 2008 World of Warcraft Arena Tournament's first qualification round. These three teams have demonstrated their Arena combat prowess against strong competition.
Dude I got it on FRAPS 
duelists going for glad 
Frag Dominant 

There was a tie for the fourth-place team, and we will be holding a special playoff to determine the fourth-place winner. Each team will be invited to participate in the regional qualifier for a chance to further showcase their skills, win cash prizes, and compete for an invitation to the global finals. For more information about the tournament or details on signing up for the second qualification round, please see our Arena tournament information  page. Congratulations to all the winners! 

European Realms
We're glad to announce the winners of the 2008 World of Warcraft Arena Tournament's first qualification round. These four teams have demonstrated their Arena combat prowess against strong competition.
HERCULES 
True Terror 
sapped cows cant say moo 
kata bestils anyweree 

Each team will be invited to participate in the regional qualifier for a chance to further showcase their skills, win cash prizes, and compete for an invitation to the global finals. For more information about the tournament or details on signing up for the second qualification round, please see our Arena tournament information page  Congratulations to all the winners! 


Blue posts
New heroic badge gear in WotLK to be discussed in the next Blizzcast
I believe this will be talked about in the next BlizzCast. Yes, it is still happening. Source 

Scheduled US Maintenance 06/03
We will be performing our scheduled weekly maintenance on Tuesday, June 3, beginning at 5:00AM PDT. Most realms will undergo brief maintenance and will be up by approximately 6:00AM PDT. The following realms will be undergoing a full maintenance cycle and will be playable by approximately 11:00AM PDT. Source 

Aegwynn, Agamaggan, Akama, Alexstrasza, Alleria, Aman'Thul, Azshara, Baelgun, Balnazzar, Barthilas, Blackhand, Blackrock, Caelestrasz, Cho'gall, Chromaggus, Dark Iron, Dath'Remar, Destromath, Dethecus, Detheroc, Draka, Drak'thul, Dreadmaul, Eitrigg, Emerald Dream, Frostmourne, Frostwolf, Garithos, Garona, Gorgonnash, Greymane, Gul'dan, Hakkar, Hellscream, Illidan, Jubei'Thos, Kael'thas, Kalecgos, Khaz Modan, Khaz'goroth, Kil'Jaeden, Kilrogg, Kirin Tor, Korgath, Kul Tiras, Lightninghoof, Maelstrom, Malfurion, Malorne, Moonrunner, Mug'thol, Muradin, Nagrand, Nazjatar, Ner'zhul, Proudmoore, Ravencrest, Rexxar, Runetotem, Sen'Jin, Silver Hand, Spinebreaker, Staghelm, Stormreaver, Thaurissan, Thorium Brotherhood, Tichondrius, Twisting Nether, Ursin, Vek'nilash, Whisperwind, WildHammer 

Video - Method vs Kil'Jaeden
We didn't get many of them and a lot of people are still interested in the Kil'jaeden fight. Here is another video  from Method  EU-Sylvanas with 4 different point of views. 


 


Points of Views 
 Dofty 
 Zeuzonita 
 Lorandil 
 Xavezz 
Tracklist
Bissen pres. The Crossover - Quicksand intro
Super 8 Plus Dj Tab - Helsinki Scorchin
Peter Martijn Wijnia - Nowadays
Nish - Blue Sunshine Sean Tyas Remix