Boubouille2007-10-25, 06:59 AMProbably last update from the day : Just to make it clear, the mad alchemist debuff is from a mail I got, I know that it's a debuff from the firefly in Zangarmarsh and that Drysc said it would be a "random elixir buff", but I also checked the game files and I can't find any new spell related to this. For the time being, we'll have to live with this theory. ^^

Update : Screenshots of the Zul'aman sets  have been updated. 
Update : Screenshot of the Sporeggar Exalted pet  added.
Also it seems that one of the paladin change already listed in the updated patch notes  has been modified slightly, the threat reduction on Fanaticism no longer works when Righteous Fury is active.

Update : Ritual of Refreshment now requires 2 [item=17020]
The 4-piece bonus of Gladiator's set now reduces the cooldown of the Blink spell by 2 seconds instead of reducing the cast time of Polymorph by 0.15 second.
[Vengeful Gladiator's Battle Staff]  and [Vengeful Gladiator's Shield Wall]  have been added.

   

Update : There are now a crew and vendors  in Zeppelins and Boats.


 

Update : Added a Season 1 Honor Price  screenshot for weapons, might be easier to read than the chart on the 2.3 compilation post.
Update : S3 Honor is on PTR Not on all realms, the Rings / Amulets list  posted last week was complete. 
Update : [Vengeful Gladiator's Rifle]  [Vengeful Gladiator's Longbow]  are now available for 3750 Arena Points.


   

New PTR Build
Mega major uber change
Most of the changes from the updated patch notes  are now online. At least they're in the PTR patch.txt now
Hunter's ranged attacks min range is now 1 yard.




 


 

The PTRs realms have been updated from 2.3.7441 to 2.3.7468, it's only the beginning of the day It seems that most of the changes from the updated patch notes  are now online.

A dragon kite model has been added to the game files. They also added two icons for the paper zeppelin and gyrocopter 


 

 

Blue posts
I'm still doing short lists of blue posts because nobody complained about it, if you're missing the good old copy pastes of all posts, let me know. 


Raids & Dungeons
In 2.3, Badges of Justice drop from Zul'aman and Karazhan bosses 1-2 per bosses. You also get 2 badges from the heroic daily quest. Source 
Nether Vortexes won't drop from Zul'aman bosses, and no changes will be made to make them drop in the Black Temple or Hyjal summit. Source 

PvP
Alterac Valley changes are being watched very closely on 2.3 PTRs, they will go live, but might be tweaked before. Source 

Professions
The Mad Alchemist's Potions "side effect" is actually a random buff from other elixirs. However it won't replace existing elixir buffs if you have one on. Source 

Items
Old versions of classic dungeons items will automatically be upgraded with the 2.3. Source 

Interface
In 2.3 you will be able to check other people's talents by inspecting them. Source 

Others
Blizzard is in the process of implementing alternate solutions to help assist the lower population realms. Source 



<a name="zasets"></a>Zul'aman sets
O2Dazone  posted nice previews much better than mine of the sets from Zul'aman on the forums, thanks to him. 


 

   
   
   