Boubouille2008-07-11, 11:01 AMMLG Orlando Live Stream
  

Very important notice about the recruitment - We had a slight bug with the original post, some of your private messages might have been sent to the wrong user. Please resubmit them. Also note that due to the high amount of messages I'm getting I might need some time to process everything. 

New PTR Build - Horseman Loot Table updated
A new build has been deployed on PTRs and the testing of Hallow's End activated. New items were added to the Headless Horseman loot table it seems, for the moment we've only got the sword but this is probably not the only addition *cough* mount *cough*. More update in a few minutes/hours.


 

Small reminder on the Headless Horseman mount Unconfirmed drop for the moment
Headless Horseman's Flying Mount - Summons and dismisses a rideable Headless Horseman's Mount. Screenshot 
Headless Horseman's Unruly Mount - Summons and dismisses a rideable Headless Horseman's Mount. Screenshot 


MMO-Champion is recruiting !
For the first time since the beginning of the site, MMO-Champion is officialy recruiting people to help on the content for the upcoming Wrath of the Lich King expansion. We're mostly looking for people interested in writing and updating articles but any offer to improve the site is welcome. 

Requirements
Decent English writing skills.
Excellent autonomy, we really need people who will think of ways to improve content by themselves without waiting for orders.
Good knowledge of Wrath of the Lich King. Which shouldn't be a problem if you've been reading this site for at least 6 months
Basic understanding of HTML But if you're only interested in doing content, it's just a matter of understanding where to fill your information and anyone can do that
Very high resistance to sarcasm. Seriously. 



How to apply
Send me a personal message ;sa=send;u=1 with some information about you.
Please include a sample of your work in the message, sending a PM saying "hi, I want to work on the site !" just won't work.



Important stuff
This is NOT a paid position, in the end you could probably get paid if you did an awesome job but don't expect anything before months. 
This is NOT a way to get a beta key.





EU Arena Tournament qualification ranking
Greetings Community,

As the second phase qualifiers of our Arena Tournament is progressing forward quite nicely, we wanted to give you a small update on the recent happenings and standings taking place on the tournament realm. With only one week left to fight for the last for 4 spots for this year’s European Regional Finals, the pressure on the top teams rises as much can change over the next couple of days.
As of 12:00 noon CEST today, July 10th 2008, the order for the top 10 teams looks the following:

Standing | Team Name | Wins / Losses | Ranking
--------------------------------------------------------------------
1. PLASMA TV INC | 96 / 32 | 2089
2. ojo | 146 / 54 | 2014
3. Dodge This | 82 / 25 | 1954
4. la defense de ojo | 89 / 24 | 1919
5. Millenium | 80 / 29 | 1899
6. aÄa Agita | 96 / 33 | 1892
7. SK GAMÌNG | 87 / 25 | 1887
8. Triple Threat | 111 / 52 | 1859
9. Sik | 156 / 82 | 1843
10. xayz etait un mec bien | 50 / 28 | 1831
--------------------------------------------------------------------

As you can see, currently the team "PLASMA TV INC" is at the top of the ranking, with a total of 128 games played, of which 96 were won and 32 lost. The win percentage of this team is currently at around 75%.

Following closely in 2nd, 3rd and 4th spots are the teams "ojo", "Dodge This" and "la defense de ojo". It is important to note that all the teams must have played at least 200 games during the qualifier period to actually be eligible for the European Regional. As some of the teams still have to play some games in order to reach the 200 games limit, we are looking forward to see some changes in the ranking during the upcoming days.

If you have not been following or playing in the tournament qualifiers, this is your chance to cheer your favorite teams into the regional finals. Who will it be? One week from now, it will be decided!

Good luck to everyone participating! 


Activision Blizzard Announcement
We’re excited to announce that our planned team-up with Activision, first made public back in December 2007, is now a reality. All regulatory and shareholder approvals have been granted, meaning Blizzard Entertainment -- along with the other companies that made up Vivendi Games -- is now part of a new organization called Activision Blizzard. While this transition doesn’t impact our games, websites, personnel, day-to-day operations, or development philosophies, the combined resources of Activision Blizzard will make it easier than ever for us to deliver the best games possible to our players around the world. 


WWI Contests: Winner Entries Published
At the 2008 Blizzard Entertainment Worldwide Invitational we held several contests  Now it's time to reveal some of the winning entries! On our contest winner page  you can view the winning submissions of the fan art contest and the machinima movie and TV ad contests! Additionally, we have provided the best fan arts as high-res pictures for download. Check them out now!  
Below are the high res version of the winning entries for the Fan Art Contest.


     


New Fan Arts
4 New Fan Arts have been added to the official sites.


   
   