Boubouille2008-01-16, 09:29 AMNothing really new today, but a few interesting things to check if you've got some free time. Yes, I'm aware that there is a screenshot with supposed Sunwell loots screenshot fake  Link added because of the tons of requests I got in mail :/, but they're a fake from private servers, you can stop mailing it to me. We're still accepting mails if cookies are included though

2.4 News ... soon.
Blue posters are surprisingly inactive lately, however we got our weekly "2.4 news are coming soon" post. 
The Blizzcast is now out and we are working on compiling information on the Under Development for patch 2.4 to give everyone updates. It takes some time to do, but we will be updating before long. I'm sure what everyone is really waiting for are the actual patch notes, but you'll have to wait for those to hit the test realm.


Other blue posts
Today's posts aren't really informative, but they might answers questions that people are asking themselves. 
No date for Arena Season 4
No one will be able to tell you when the season 4 starts. Source 

No date for the next Blizzcon
BlizzCon doesn't have a time set in stone when it will happen. We have had a great time doing them in the past, but we have no details on when or if it another one will occur. Source 

Skulloc's Soul bug
The bug preventing players to loot Skulloc's Soul will be fixed in an upcoming patch. Source 


Incgamers' UICentral Trojan Infected
Update : Rushster has since moved the file to a separate server to avoid this happening again. If you'd like to read more about the issue, see the thread on Incgamers here:  

Cairenn, an admin of WoWInterface.com  posted this thread  on the official forums to warn users about a potential trojan in the latest version of incgamers'UICentral the tool used to auto update your mods.

4:07:58 PM Shirik: So here's the deal. UI Central is packaged with a program "patcher.exe" which has code in it to go download an "update.exe" from a non-incgamers site
4:08:05 PM Shirik: update.exe is then immediately run
4:08:51 PM Shirik: update.exe proceeds to install itself as wzcsvbc.dll
4:10:01 PM Shirik: It installs that from a remote site if possible, and if that fails it will instead use its own copy
4:10:26 PM Shirik: It then registers itself with lsass.exe so that it can be resident at every startup while remaining hidden
4:10:43 PM Shirik: After all that's complete, update.exe attempts to delete itself and shut down

Now luckily for everyone in one sense it is the same one as showed up previously. Therefore, we already know how to get rid of it. 

If you're using this software, I suggest that you read the whole thread  and check your system to make sure it's not infected.


Newest WoW Comic sneak peek
The newest issue of the World of Warcraft comic book series from WildStorm arrives in store today, January 16th. In it, Rehgar takes Lo'Gosh and Broll to Thunder Bluff for a cleansing ritual. Unfortunately for the pair, lurking beneath the surface of the Pools of Vision is a force like nothing they've ever faced before.

An online preview of the first 5 pages is available on the official site 


 


Holiday contests winners
The Holiday Screenshots contest  and the Holiday Dessert contest  are now finished and a list of the winners is available on the official site, as well as screenshots and pictures of the best submissions.


 

 