Boubouille2007-09-26, 12:44 AMNew Hyjal Summit/Black Temple trash loot
US players started raiding, and a few items dropped from the trash. I'm also adding the Illidari Runeshield here because according to the itemID, it's more than likely a trash loot too. but I could be wrong on this one, it could drop from the illidari council or another encounter. [item=32428] and [item=32897] are also dropping from trash.

Black Temple and Hyjal Summit trash mobs are now sharing loot tables, including new loots in Black temple, and "old" loots in Hyjal BT Trash loot, patterns, etc ...


     
 

Great items right ? You're already planning to form a small raid to farm trash only and get all the shiny epics right ? You can't.

There are indeed protections put in place that should make it extremely difficult for very small groups of players to activate the Battle of Mount Hyjal event and be rewarded with either reputation or items from killing the incoming enemy creatures before the players suffer a defeat. Whenever an enemy wave spawns, there's a check done to see if you've killed enough of the enemy creatures. If you haven't, then loot/rep is disabled for that wave of spawns. If you have killed enough, then that wave and further waves of creatures leading up to the next boss have loot/reputation.

Under relatively normal conditions where a full raid is attempting to fight through the enemy waves of creatures to defeat a boss, all creatures past the first wave should reward reputation and have a chance at item loot.

These kinds of protections were necessary so as to not promote the creation and activation of large numbers of Hyjal instances, which could lead to performance problems for the server.

Reputation
Trash monsters : 2-3 Reputation points.
Frostwyrms : 15 Reputation points.
Bosses : 200 Reputation points.
Archimonde : 500 Reputation points.

The huge nerf of Archimonde's reputation reward basically made the reputation rewarded during a full clean of Hyjal Summit lower about 100 points than in 2.1.


2.2 Undocumented changes
There is also a post going on the official forums  listing all the official changes.

World
New music added to Honor Hold as well as the inns of Ironforge, Stormwind, and Ratchet
Cho Threadstrong has new sayings he shouts at the fruit vendor poor fruit vendor
Griftah unceremoniously ousted from Shattrath. Now sadly selling his fine wares at unreasonably cheap prices! in Terrokar Forest, just outside of the city's south-eastern tunnel at 36, 30 Thanks, Meadows
Flavor text added to goblins at zeppelin flight points
Chests in Tempest Keep: Mechanar have had their spawn locations change slightly making it impossible or more difficult...never underestimate a players's tenacity to solo
Boats received new music again? confirm?



Character Models, Animation, & Spell Effects
Orc shoulders and off-hand weapons fixed possible overcompensation for previous bug?
Male night elf shoulders arc differently possible bug? No one seems to mind
Cyclone graphic changed to, and I quote, "look more awesome." Awesomeness confirmed
Evocation's graphic effect updated, seems to be a blue version of the confirmed-awesome cyclone update
Windfury finishes the updated cyclone trilogy, now larger and darker; fans are divided!
Prayer of Mending received a new animation
Hurricane visually seems more selective, targeting victims with bolts of lightening bolts followed by loud booms
Nethermine Ravager's rock shell ability received a new spell effect
Druid Moonkin form has a new bandaging/crafting/using animation
Undead epic horse mount trails longer flames
Murloc Suits can now /kneel, /laugh, /point, /sit, /talk, and /cheer
Shaman ghost wolf no longer holds weapons or shield while attacking
Weapons while in moonkin form appear to have shrunk
Mass Dispel no longer has a graphic, just shows the dispel animation on anything in the area
New, flashier graphic for Blessing of Protection and Blessing of Freedom
Thunderfury' proc does the same thing as Evocate, Cyclone and Windfury consider it an epilog
Spectral Tiger Mount and Swift Spectral Tiger updated with brighter armor and fewer seems
The Astromages inside of the Mechanar had their fire aura effect changed in appearance. Much taller now and has a different graphic surrounding them
Druid basic flight form flaps it's wings slower now



Items
Red Ogre Suit is now fixed; weapons scaled down and now seat properly when sheathed
Non-combat pets now have a 1-second cool-down between summoning and unsummoning
Aquadynamic Fish Attractors now officially say the duration is 10 minutes as opposed to 5
Crashn' Thrashn' Robot now will walk around a small area instead of standing in one spot
Merciless Gladiator's Satin Gloves graphic has been changed from slim and tight to look like the bulky Merciless Gladiator's Mooncloth Gloves
Sha'tari Skyguard's Enriched Terrocone Juice reputation reward vendor item price increased from 40 copper to 36 silver
Farmer's Broom 100% beefier
Moonsoul Crown has been changed from miscellaneous to a cloth item, receiving 39 armor, 50 durability, and a need to be repaired
Accurate Scope is now a green item instead of white
Mana potion injector gained charges and flavor text: "They just dont make 'em like this anymore..."
Merciless Gladiator Shoulders are now orange on dark brown instead of orange on pink
Coronet of Verdant Flame has been changed from miscellaneous to a cloth item, receiving 138 armor, 60 durability, and a need to be repaired
Icy Blasting Primers are now made 10 at a time instead of 2, resulting in This results in 1 primal water making 50 frost grenades! Materials remain unchanged
Goblin Gumbo is now unique, and the kettle has unlimited charges for the 15 minutes
Nightstaff of the Everliving's texture has changed. It is now blue/gray where it was white
Gladiator rogue daggers reduced by about 60% in size on blood elf females
Druid Merciless Gladitor Leggings are now a kilt and have slightly been recolored



Professions
Fishing: Bobber splash at the end of the timer is adjusted so you don't have to instantly click for fear of missing
Fishing: The fishing line now instantly appears when you cast
Enchant Ring Spellpower materials required changed. Now requires 2 large prismatic shards and 2 greater planar essences



Quests
Relic's Emanation daily quest money reward decreased while the Ogri'la faction reward was increased documented somewhere but apparently not well known so here it is. Huzzah!
Skettis escort quest reward reduced to 9 gold from 11 gold, 99 silver



UI & Game Mechanics
Disenchant received a new icon
Wide screen UI scales differently
UI Scaling in general appears to be a bit funky and requires some tweaking Bedemus has generously posted a possible fix at  
New Auction house alert: "A buyer has been found for your auction of X"
Error speech re-enabled by default. You require more vespene gas
One hour delay on receiving currency from successful auctions there seems to be confusion as to where this note was actually posted so for sanity's sake here it is, possibly again
Windowed game begins in the center of the screen instead of the upper-left corner
New software reverb audio option
Ogri'la reputation now goes to 999/1000 exalted
Voidwalker's Suffering spell seems to work immediately when button is selected what, no more "I can't do that yet?"
Blessing of Sacrifice is on a 30 second cooldown, not the 1 minute listed in the patch notes
Targeting for Skettis bombing run improved
Tracking abilities such as "Find Minerals" now last through death
Unable to fly into the water while on a mount or in flight form
Warlock pets no longer revert to soul shards when boarding a mount at a flight point
Druids can use booterang while in flight form
The debuff from the druid Pounce ability now shows a seperate debuff for the stun and the bleed DoT
Druids in flight form can now perform herbalism provided they are on the ground
Earth elemental corpses in Nagrand at least are now minable
/mountspecial cannot be used while moving
The World Defense Channel is once again open to the masses
Disobedient Dragonmaw Peons are now spelled correctly, it was 'Disobediant'
Shifting now removes Shabby Arakkoa Disguise
Buffs now have a new grey dot if players are in range of your spell, as well as the red dot that indicated someone is out of range