Boubouille2008-03-28, 11:02 AMWotLK Bestiary - Taunka
The bestiary page for World of Warcraft: Wrath of the Lich King has been updated with a new creature and two pieces of concept art from the upcoming expansion. Learn more about one of the new species you'll encounter in Northrend, the tenacious and stoic taunka.
This tenacious, stoic race knows all too well the rigors of living in the harsh and often deadly wastes of Northrend. Over time, the taunka - whom many believe to be ancestral cousins of the tauren - have adapted, but only by forcing the land and the elements to yield to their will. The taunka's relationship with nature, unlike that of their tauren brethren, has been one of constant struggle and grim perseverance.

Although the taunka may seem dour or even cold to outsiders, those who come to know them will soon recognize an embattled race of survivors characterized by colossal hearts and unshakable resolve.

   


Hotfix deployed to resolve bugs with raid encounters
We have located the problem with Reliquary of Souls, Prince Kael'thas, and other bosses not properly casting their spells, and a hotfix has just been deployed to all servers worldwide that resolves this issue.


Player models changed in 2.4
All player models have been rebuilt for the 2.4 patch, and it looks like a few of them aren't as nice as before according to players.
All player models were re-built in 2.4 to increase preformance. This resulted in slight change to the geometry of the female human face. It was decided that this was an acceptable change. If you feel strongly that it should be changed, I highly suggest posting in the general or suggestions forums about it.


Other blue posts
Hortus posted a few more blue posts about changes and bugs in 2.4. 
You can join Alterac Valley as a party, not a raid
You can only join AV as a 5 person party. Which is why the button says "Join as party" instead of "Join as Group" as it does for other battlegrounds. Source 

Premade groups have longer queue times in Battlegrounds
The matchmaking system was tightened up for premade groups in 2.4 this will result in longer queue times unless there are similarly geared premade groups on the battleground for you to be matched against. If you want to get into a Battlground quickly, queue up solo, if you want to play with a premade group then expect to wait longer. Source 

Engineering - Level of crafted pets lowered from 72 to 40/50 in 2.4
This was an intended change. These items were never meant to level so high. Their level is now fixed and their cooldown reduced as partial compensation. Source 

Domesticated Felboars do not give XP anymore
Intended Change. No more easy XP for joo. Source 

Combat log - Pet abilities and "self" filter
It appears Growl is considered a spell unlike other pet abilities and is not turned on by default in the "Self" filter. This doesn't seem to be intended and we're looking into whether it needs to be changed. You can turn on Growl in the combat log by selecting Settings under Filters in the combat log tab and then selecting the Message Types tab and checking Spell Casting. Source 


US Realms - Free Character Moves
We will be offering free character moves from selected high population realms to lower populated realms, assisting in population dispersal. The ability to move a character on the selected source realms will become available on Friday, March 28 at 12:00PM PDT, and are scheduled to run until Friday, April 4 at 12:00PM PDT.

This round of transfers will have multiple destinations available to provide more options for players looking to go to a low population realm.

In the event that any of these realms meets our transfer goals before the scheduled end date, the transfers to that realm will be disabled. We highly recommend that if you are planning to transfer that you do so at your earliest convenience. No characters will be eligible for these free moves once the transfers have been closed.

Once the transfers open you can begin your transfer by visiting the Character Move page located here:  

The realms chosen consist of source realms with the highest sustained queues, and destination realms with the lowest population. The numbers gathered are directly from our data, and depict the realms in most need of these transfers. We will be continuing to monitor all realms and open additional free transfers in the future where necessary.

Source A PvP
Illidan, Mal'Ganis, Tichondrius, Gurubashi, Warsong, Mannoroth, Burning Blade
Destination A PvP
Azshara, Maiev, Zuluhed, Lethon

Source B PvE
Argent Dawn, Zul'jin, Ghostlands, Aggramar
Destination B PvE
Muradin, Sisters of Elune


Comics
So ... Did you help the Shattered Sun Offensive lately ?

 