Boubouille2007-09-14, 03:35 AMHappy birthday to the 2.2 version, it's been 2 months since its deployment on the Public Test Realms. 

Surnames
We might get surnames in the future, but not immediatly. 
The developers would very much like to add surnames to the game at some point in the future, but there are no immediate plans for this on schedule. 

Reputation requirements for heroic instances
There is no plan to remove them.
We have no current plans to remove the revered reputation status as the requirement to get the heroic dungeon keys. While some realms may have a harder time finding groups than others, there are still people running them that you can group with and I'm pretty sure they really want to get the reputation too. Keep looking for people to team up with and you'll get there. 

European voice chat ramp-up + additional delay
Vaneras posted the list of realms used to test the voice chat when the 2.2 comes live, some english and german realms are listed but absolutely nothing for the french ones. Also it seems that european players will have to wait one more week to get the voice chat deployed on all the realms two weeks instead of one in the US

In the upcoming patch we will be introducing voice chat, which allows players to talk to each other in-game with the use of a microphone. To ensure that we provide the quality play experience we’re committed to, we will be ramping up the voice chat feature in multiple stages. Currently we are scheduling voice chat to be available on patch day for a limited number of EU realms. While all realms will still receive the 2.2 patch, and all the content and changes therein, only some EU realms will have voice chat enabled at the start. We plan to then enable voice chat for a limited number of European realms and the remaining EU realms the following week, and one week later we will plan to enable it for the remaining European realms. This ramp up release will help us to test the voice chat feature in a live realm environment before enabling it on all realms.

To read more about the upcoming Voice Chat feature, click here:
 

The initial set of realms that will have voice chat enabled the week after patch day:

English: Earthen Ring, Ravencrest, Runetotem, Shadowmoon, Shadowsong, Shattered Hand, Silvermoon, Skullcrusher, Spinebreaker, Stormrage, Stormreaver, Stormscale, Terenas, Thunderhorn, Turalyon
German: Aegwynn, Alexstrasza, Alleria, Antonidas, Baelgun, Blackhand, Destromath, Die Silberne Hand, Eredar, Frostmourne, Frostwolf, Gorgonnash, Gul'dan, Kel'Thuzad, Kil'Jaeden, Madmortem, Malfurion, Mal'Ganis, Mannoroth, Nathrezim, Nozdormu, Perenolde, Proudmoore, Zirkel des Cenarius, Zuluhed

All other realms are scheduled to have voice chat enabled two weeks after the patch release week.

Housing and Stormwind "locked instance"
If you ever played an alliance character, you know that there is a huge instance portal in Stormwind blocked by a barrier. It's supposed to be one of the future housing zones, but sadly, it's been confirmed again that we won't see it before a long time.
It's not necessarily "not" going to happen, we just have no announced plans to implement player housing. It's still there because, eh, who knows. Also, it brought you to the forums, and we've been hoping to say hello to you since you started playing. 

Motes/Primal system
They will keep using the same mechanics as the one used for motes/primals probably in the expansion too making the drops less based on luck, all you need is time.
Overall though we're happy with the mote/primal system, it works pretty well, and aside from the issues I stated of their rarity being unbalanced in some cases, we plan to continue with it.

Hunter's pets leveling
As far as I remember, a blue post said that they wouldn't do anything for pet leveling once they change the XP gain from 1 to 60, but I guess they changed their mind. 
We have plans to adjust how quickly a hunter's pet will level if there's a large gap between it and the hunter's level. However, it's still just a plan and not something we've implemented and thus are not ready to discuss it.

2.3 Patch already full of changes
This post is fairly interesting, it seems that there are already tons of changes in the 2.3 patch, and the only thing they need to release them is the 2.2 going live ... faster patch releases after the 2.2 ? Not like it's really hard to do something faster than 2 months 
We're currently focusing on the information and release of patch 2.2. All changes coming after 2.2 will be discussed after the patch has been released. There is no shortage of changes in the following patch, and we'll begin discussing them as soon as we can.

Utgarde Keep
I got mailed about it, and forgot to post it. A nice instance map made by Shandris was uploaded on WoWWiki.com  a few days ago. It's based on the one published in the September issue of GFW magazine. 


 