Boubouille2008-01-12, 09:06 AMBattleground Non-participation Account Action
You might want to think twice before farming in Alterac Valley while playing Guitar Hero and hitting space every few minutes. 
In our continued efforts to support fair gameplay in World of Warcraft and to provide a positive experience for players, we are currently taking steps to ensure fair and enjoyable competition in the Battlegrounds. Starting immediately, we will be issuing warnings and penalties, including suspensions and the removal of Honor points and recently acquired Honor rewards, for non-participation in Battleground games.

We are taking action against thousands of accounts immediately, and will continue to monitor these situations and regularly take action against violators. If you encounter a player in a Battleground who is intentionally not participating in the battle for an extended period of time, please help us track the situation and report the player as AFK. For information on how to complete an in-game AFK report, please go here:   All reports will be thoroughly investigated, and corrective action will only be taken if the violation is confirmed.

Thank you for your support and best of luck to you in all of your games in the Battlegrounds!

Don't be too scared, it takes a LOT of reports to get someone banned and it won't happen to you just because you have to go afk every once in a while. 
I can assure you that if someone is going to be suspended, and have other actions taken against their account/character, that they are definitive abusers.

If someone is going to the bathroom 30 times a game, 100 games in a row, they may want to cut down on the cranberry juice. Of course, those are numbers I made up. We obviously won't be announcing thresholds, etc.


Holiday events
Blizzard want to limit the amount of holiday events otherwise we would end up with "special" events all the time, but will keep adding content to the existing ones. 
I'd like to assure you and the rest of the playerbase that we're hard at work fleshing out the existing events as well as looking into new ones.

Winter Veil didn't receive much of our gentle touch this past year, but Darkmoon Faire might be a little better than you last remember. You surely know at this point of the new decks we added into the Burning Crusade, but the Exotic Goods Vendor now also stocks things that might well be of interest to our level 70 crowd. This is far from the last change we plan to make to Darkmoon Faire, and more activities and the like are on the horizon. We want to see it become more diverting as well.

We plan on revisiting all the holidays, and are currently cooking up something for an older holiday that should bring a significant amount of punch into it. We're always working, my friend, and we plan to bring you a great deal of amusing things.

Now, I would be moderate in your expectations. Don't expect epic items from every holiday, for example. Our aim is to provide a fun experience for players that is different from the norm for a period of time, giving each holiday its own unique feel.


Europe - Ruin Battlegroup
It seems that the Ruin Battlegroup is really in lack of players lately, Blizzard is trying to find a decent solution to this problem.
We’d like to assure players in the Ruin Battlegroup concerned with the size of the group, and thus the activity and variety of players in Arenas and Battlegrounds, that we are currently investigating solutions to this issue. Our goal is to ensure a thriving and enjoyable PVP environment for the group, and we are considering several options to do so.

We ask that you bear with us while we finalise our plans for Ruin and hope to be able to update you on our progress shortly.


WoW on console isn't going to happen
Or at least, not anytime soon. Yesterday a quote reported by Gameplayer  started a rumor about WoW eventually becoming available on next-gen consoles, I got a few mails about this and it's been reported on a few sites already but if you check Gameplayer's site, you'll see that the news has been updated :

"A representative from Vivendi’s Australian office has been in contact with us and issued the following statement: “Regarding the statement above made by Chris Ansell at the recent Prototype event in Sydney. Chris was referring to the future of next-generation game development and how multiplayer online play was going to grow to encompass much larger groups. He was only making a link to World of Warcraft as a great example of where online play is going, not a reference to World of Warcraft on console"