Boubouille2007-12-15, 05:52 AMThe PTRs are now online, the Feast of Winter Veil just started, and there is a Call To Arms for Eye of the Storm. I guess it will be a busy week end for all players. 

PTR Testing
As you probably know, PTRs are up and running. Some of you aren't used to PTR testing and it looks like it's a good time to do a small recap.

1. Patch Mirrors
 WoW-2.3.0.7561-to-0.3.2.7627-enUS-patch.exe [Download ] Blizzard Downloader 
 WoW-2.3.0.7561-to-0.3.2.7627-enGB-patch.exe [Download ] Blizzard Downloader 
 WoW-2.3.0.7561-to-0.3.2.7627-deDE-patch.exe [Download ] Blizzard Downloader 
 WoW-2.3.0.7561-to-0.3.2.7627-frFR-patch.exe [Download ] Blizzard Downloader 
 WoW-2.3.0.7561-to-0.3.2.7627-esES-patch.exe [Download ] Blizzard Downloader 

2. All patches
I didn't take the time to test all of them mostly because I don't have any esES/deDE/frFR client installed, but they're all from the Blizzard downloader and should work without problem if I didn't do something stupid during the download. Let me know if something isn't working. 
 WoW-2.3.0.7561-to-0.3.2.7705-enUS-patch.zip [Download ]
 WoW-2.3.0.7561-to-0.3.2.7705-enGB-patch.zip [Download ]
 WoW-2.3.0.7561-to-0.3.2.7705-deDE-patch.zip [Download ]
 WoW-2.3.0.7561-to-0.3.2.7705-frFR-patch.zip [Download ]
 WoW-2.3.0.7561-to-0.3.2.7705-esES-patch.zip [Download ]


Character Copy and Premades
You can copy 4 per account on the PTR character copy page. All characters are equipped with Season 2 Arena gear and Heroic Badge loot. Every character also has extra heroic badges to purchase additional gear. There will be no changes to the premades for this test push. 
Character copy page  on WoW-Europe.com EU Servers
Character copy page  on Worldofwarcraft.com US Servers



Account Status
The PTR authentication servers were not updated between 2.3 and 2.3.2, meaning that if your password changed or if your account was otherwise invalid prior to October 8th you will not be eligible for the 2.3.2 PTR.

2.3.2 Information
They're available in the 2.3.2 Compilation , I guess you're used to it now.

Latest updates
Warlock Seed of Corruption bug
Servers have been restarted to deal with the Seed of Corruption bug allowing Warlocks to insta kill pretty much everything. All existing warlocks need to re-train all their spells from a trainer. Source 

Global Cooldown / Range issues
More focused testing on GCD/Range issues will be made in an upcoming build. Source http://We will be doing more focused testing on GCD/Range issues in an upcoming build.


-------------------------

Honour Calculations bug
Issuntril posted a list of the main factors which can cause a difference between your honour estimate in your character window, and the amount awarded daily.
There is a difference between the honour really won and the estimated honour gain in the PvP tab of your character window. This difference is due to a display problem. The honour won is the correct amount. The estimated honour display tends to show a higher value for these three reasons.

1. The amount of honour given by the daily PvP quest is accurate. But due to a display issue, once the quest is turned in, if you zone into an instance, arena, battleground, etc., the honour display will have gone up without reason generally between 400 and 600 points but sometimes more.

2. Killing another player several times gets you diminishing returns. Each subsequent kill after the initial kill yields 10% less honour, until the reward eventually reaches zero. Note that the Honour calculations that appear in-game do not take these diminishing returns into account.

3. The daily calculation that computes the honour gained runs during the night sometime between midnight and 2 AM. But your character is only updated if you quit the game or are disconnected. Thus, if you play at the same time as the calculation is running and you quit the game after the script is over, the honour points you won will be accurately calculated but your estimated honour points will display as zero, even if you have won honour in the time lapse between the script has finished running and you quit the game. Those honour points are although taken into account and will be added to your usable honour points total the next day.

All these reasons explain the difference between honour gained and honour estimated. Rest assured the honour you win is always accurately calculated.


-------------------------

Other blue posts
The new realm in Europe was a success actually, people are already experiencing a nice queue on it, and trial accounts are getting another "nerf" because of botters.
Trial account changes
Trial accounts may no longer invite players to a party. They can still, however; accept invites from subscriber accounts who they may wish to group with. Source 

[EU] Molten Core realm
Due to a very high number of migrations to Molten Core the migration from Stonemaul and Warsong will be closed tomorrow, Saturday December 15th at 10:00 CET.

If it turns out people continue migrating even more before it closes, and the realm fills even more and the queues don't go away, we'll consider opening migration the other way most likely to Stonemaul, as that's where we see most players move from for a day or two next week. Please note that this is a consideration to be made, not something guaranteed. We definitely take over-filling a destination very seriously though, and will do what we can to address it. Source 

Also note that AQ40 Gates will be opened automatically and very soon since this is a realm populated with people from realms with the gates already open Source 


-------------------------

Feast of Winter Veil
The feast of Winter Veil just started, below is a list of changes since the last one and a few screenshots. You can find all the info you need on the Feast of Winter Veil page on WoWWiki.com  

The [item=21213] that players can get from completing special holiday quests can now be used on flying mounts. This will temporarily turn their flying mount into a flying reindeer  that trails sparkles as it flies through the air
Handful of Snowflakes - this is a new item you can obtain by /kiss -ing a Winter Reveler NPC. It will create a light snowfall above any targeted player.
Burning Crusade Holiday Bosses - as in past years, certain bosses will be dressed in a festive fashion and will drop seasonal hats when defeated. The holiday versions of the bosses will begin on Dec. 25 and end on Jan. 2. These bosses include:
Grand Warlock Netherkurse Shattered Halls
Grandmaster Vorpil Shadow Labyrinth
Exarch Maladaar Auchenai Crypts
Captain Skarloc Durnholde Keep
Nethermancer Sepethrea Mechanar
High Botanists Freywinn Botanica
Mechanotoy - This is a new gift that can be obtained from under the Winter Veil tree in Ironforge and Orgrimmar. It lets you summon a Mechanotoy non-combat pet to follow you around. Screenshot #1  Screenshot #2 



     
     
     