Boubouille2007-08-31, 06:53 AMTigole interview by Allvatar.com
Allvatar.com  interviewed Tigole, and here is a small summary of the rather new information : 

CoT : Stratholme and Naxxramas will be here to bring people back to the old continent. 
Dustwallow Marsh will fill the lvl 35-45 gap in leveling. 
Elite quests will be turned into normal quests in Alterac Mountains and Arathi Highlands. 
Northrend will be larger than Outland. Zones will be smaller than the ones in Outland except for Dragonblight
There will be a "level up" instance for every level range. Pretty much like Burning Crusade
WotLK will have at least two 10 man instance, with possibly a third one in a patch. 
They don't plan to upgrade the engine to DirectX 10, they will just add a few improvements every now and then. 
Randomization will be added to daily quests to make people feel like they do different quests each day.
Housing is still scheduled, but doesn't fit with the current development of WotLK. We'll have to wait quite some time before getting it. 



2.2 Patch Notes
A few things were added to the 2.2 Patch Notes during last update, Curse.com  spotted the differences.

General
Death Wish is now a buff rather than a debuff. This means the player can click it off at will. 
Troll Berserk: The spell haste on this ability was incorrectly too high and has been corrected. 



PvP
Arenas
Arena calculations have been modified. In addition, the penalty for smaller arena teams 2v2, 3v3 has been slightly reduced.
Players will no longer be able to change armor once an arena battle has begun. Changing armor will still be available during the one-minute prep time prior to the battle. Main hand, off hand and range weapon swapping in combat remains unchanged. 



Classes
Warlock
Unstable Affliction: This spell will no longer fail when a Warlock deselects their target midway through the cast. 



Dungeons and Raids
Karazhan
Romulo and Julianne now clear all negative effects on themselves before they come back from "death". 


Guild Banks
Salthem posted a few more information about the Guild Banks actually I think I heard these one in an interview, but I'm not sure if I reported them here

This is still under development, but currently the plans are as follows:
The Guild Master will have full control over the guild bank. He, or she, will be able to give permission to others to also have control over areas of the guild bank.
It will be possible to setup an area of the bank that everyone in the guild can donate to, but only restricted players could withdraw from. For example an area of the bank could be configured for herb donations and anyone in the guild could hand in herbs, but only the guild alchemists would be able to withdraw them.
This system should extend to currency too whereby different ranks within the guild would have access to different parts of the bank.

The guild bank will also have an online logging system on the website so that guilds will be able to track all the comings and goings from their bank.

Source 


Barber shop
I think that's the first time they mention changing hair colours too. Pink haired dwarves ?
New Hairstyles will be available to any character and are obtained through an ingame barbershop. There is going to be an option to browse new hairstyles & colours, and there may even be earrings and tattoos. There is a great deal more development to be done, but that is where we're looking at the moment

Source 

No upgrade for legendary weapons
Sorry, no upgrade on Atiesh or anything like that. 

When you receive a legendary item, it is a special accomplishment that everybody who sees you with it will recognize. We don't want a person to get one of these and have it be so special that they never have to replace it. Like all items, they are meant to have their limit of power and you will eventually find a potential improvement to replace it and move on. We currently have no plans to change our design philosophy and allow items to scale with the player. 

Source 

Meanwhile on PvPScene.com
Yay ! New article !
My life of not-so-common Arena Teams 3v3 focus 



Armory Tools
The bug with the Armory tools  should be fixed now, please report in comments if you spot anything wrong. 

Website
Yes, I'll create recruitment forums probably today, but don't start posting tons of recruitment threads now, they will probably get insta-deleted.