Boubouille2007-10-05, 12:50 AMWotLK Two new screenshots
Two new screenshots, and I have to admit it looks much better than the first one we got.


http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/siteImages/images/news/2007/october/ss26-hires_small.jpg http://www.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2007/september/ss26-hires.jpg http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/siteImages/images/news/2007/october/ss27-hires_small.jpg http://www.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2007/october/ss27-hires.jpg

2.3 ? New caster meta-gem
Q: At this point it seems apparent that despite what you stated after the patch 2.1.3, the Relentless Earthstorm Diamond RED wasnt intended for casters after all... Blizzard do you plans to change this and make a similar caster meta gem ? 12 int and 3% increased crit damage for example ? 
A: I'm not sure I know what was stated, but you're right, it really wasn't intended for casters. Unless you love agility. Yes, we do plan to make a meta gem that fills that gap.

WotLK Death Knight unlocked for the whole account
As far as I know, that's the first time it's "confirmed" yes, it can change, that's why the "" are here, unlocking the death night on one realm will unlock it for all the others.
We would like to make the "unlock" for the Death Knight account wide. It seems kind of pointless to make players do it again and again for realms or factions, but... Keep in mind that all answers you get are subject of change

2.3 Alterac Valley changes
We're finally getting a summary of AV changes in 2.3, hurray ?
As a continuing part of our improvements, we will be implementing the following changes in the next patch.

Strategy can be an important element of any battleground. We want to emphasize this in Alterac Valley more and give players additional meaning to both defending and attacking. To push the strategic element of the battleground to the next level we have changed how players maintain their reinforcements or deprive the other team of theirs.

Each team will have a starting reinforcement count. Reinforcements can be lost in significant amounts if a tower is destroyed or if Captain Galvangar or Belinda Stonehearth is killed. For each team member death, an additional reinforcement will be lost. On the death of General Drek’Thar or Vanndar Stormpike, all reinforcements are lost and the team is defeated. At any point in time, if a team is reduced to zero reinforcements, the opposing team will win the battle. Defending your own teammates, towers, and key NPCs will be an important aspect of maintaining team resources and achieving victory in Alterac Valley.

Warmasters can be the boon or the bane of any team. They are an important element for the defense of your general or the defeat of the opposing general. Warlords and their general will be more closely linked in the next patch. Pulling one is a guarantee the other will come as well. Each team begins with four Warmasters. Destroying a tower will eliminate the associated Warmaster. Unlike the current game play, however, destroying the enemy tower will not add a Warmaster to your own side.

We will be changing the pace of the battle slightly with a reduction in the time needed to control a tower or graveyard. Where it currently takes five minutes to gain control, the time will be reduced to four minutes. The honor for capturing a tower will also be increased.

Graveyards can be an important resource for getting your teammates back into the battle more quickly. Currently, players can sometimes be sent to their starting tunnels far from the battlefront. This can often be an inconvenient location to respawn and more out of the way from the action than we would like, to correct this, players will instead respawn at a team-controlled graveyard. Should the team not have a graveyard under their control, they will respawn in the starting tunnel.

Players will only be awarded bonus honor during the battle for destroying enemy towers and slaying the enemy Captain. Once the battle is concluded, bonus honor will be awarded for intact towers, a surviving Captain, and for victory in battle. The bonus honor awarded should be similar to previous totals, but will reward players for taking more active roles in Alterac Valley toward defending or attacking key locations and NPCs.

Lastly, we are changing NPC interactions within Alterac Valley. We have reduced the number of elite NPCs in Stormpike and Frostwolf holds as well as sent all Commanders and Lieutenants out of Alterac Valley. They are currently in search of other battle opportunities. This should reduce the amount of NPCs that players will have to fight and place more focus on PvP combat over key locations on the map.

Strategy is the name of the game in Alterac Valley, and these changes will bring out the need for more teamwork and coordination from both the Horde and the Alliance as they vie for domination of this battleground. 

Brewfest Barking quests hotfixed
The "Bark for..." quests should now be functioning properly on all realms. Thanks everyone for your patience.

2.3 Tactical Mastery
So, why did they change it ?
I look at it like this: we took a talent that was very desirable to Fury and Arms warriors, but not quite desirable enough for them to take, made it more desirable and gave it a reason to be in the Protection tree. Stance dancing always has been important to PvE and will become more so for Alliance players with the change to Fear Ward so while the talent is very useful in PvP I think it's wrong to call it a PvP talent per se. Bear in mind though that none of these changes are set in stone and we will want to see how everything pans out on the PTR before any changes go live, but personally, I think it would be nice to see a bit more experimentation and variety in PvP builds.

2.2.3 PTR No premades
Sorry guys, you won't get your shiny premades this time. The auth informations aren't updated either.
There will be NO PREMADES for 2.2.3 Don't even post about it, anything you have to say about premades I've read before...

There will be no authentication server update for 2.2.3. This means...
If you have changed your password since July you may not be able to log into the test realms.
If your account was inactive or banned in July you may not be able to log into the test realms.
If you use pre-paid cards to fund your account you may not be able to log into the test realms.
We expect the next Authentication update to be immediately prior to 2.3

.999~ = 1
That's official, ".999~ = 1" ! Or at least that's the current results for the first official poll of WoW forums. I suggest that you vote if you can, if it's popular we'll probably gets more and more polls and probably a better way to contribute to decisions. 
With this new poll system we’ll be able to pick the collective brains of the forum goers, and encourage discussion based on the questions they pose. While we're pretty sure that they won't always be accurate, it will hopefully still be a lot of fun. With our first poll we’re asking you, the poster, the controversial and highly debated, discussed, and argued question:

Does .999~ = 1?

While we already have some great poll questions all lined up, we need more! Offer us your best questions for future polls. These can be yes/no or multiple choice, and if we like it, you may just find your poll up here in the weeks and months ahead.