Boubouille2008-05-23, 08:18 AMReminder : MLG PC Circuit registrations are now open  ! 

Explanations on arena exploits
Kalgan made a short post about exploits in arena rankings.
We're keeping an eye on the new queue mechanics for exploits, but there is some critical information missing from this example. If the two players in question had not been exploiting, what rating would they be capable of maintaining?

The Elo system doesn't actually rely on same-rating matchups to work, meaning if you're only skilled enough to maintain a 1800 rating, but you play 1600 rated opponents all day and night, you'll still hang around the 1800 rating mark regardless.

So, in the example above, the exploit should only work if the players in question were 1850 quality players anyways, in which case their exploit didn't actually change their chances to get 1850 or reduce on average the number of games they'd have to play to get there, it only changed who they played against to get there.

The exploit would only work if you were able to consistently play against opponents that were actually worse than their rating said they were. So, for example, if players at 1500 rating on average were actually worse than 1500, than it might work. However, if anything I think players feel that playing 1500 rated matchups is just as likely if not more likely, to put you up against a team that is actually much better than 1500, in which case this exploit is hurting your chances more than helping. This only becomes more true the more players attempt to use this tactic since more high-rated players would actually be queuing at lower ratings.


Arena Tournament First Qualification Round Concludes
After several weeks of fierce competition, the 2008 World of Warcraft Arena Tournament's first qualification round has come to an end. Registration for the second qualification round is now open, and you can check out the phase schedule  for it. To register for the tournament or for more information, please visit our Arena Tournament information  page. Thank you to all of the participants and good luck to everyone in the second qualifier! 


Blue posts
5-Man Dungeons in Wrath of the Lich King
We are currently planning to keep the 5 person dungeons in Wrath of the Lich King fairly short in length, but with a boost to their overall epicness - the preview we have of The Nexus is a great example of this. The more vast and sprawling dungeons will be found in the raid dungeons which more players will be able to experience with the changes to the setup. Source 

Boats and Zeppelins crews are still missing from the game
There were issues with the boat and zeppelin crews that were adversely affecting their functionality. While we'd like to add them back in at some point in time, it won't happen until we feel that issue will no longer affect their functionality. We'd like to see the crews back at their stations though in the future if we can. Source 

Arena Tournament Registrations
If you registered on May 20th or after you are registered for the 2nd qualification round which will begin on June 3rd. The 2nd qualification round begins on June 3rd, you are simply allowed to register in advance. Source 

Death Knight creation restrictions
Q :*Bornak I think clarified that if a server is not yet open to transfers, then you need a level 55 on that server to create a Death Knight. Once it's open to transfers, though, it's fair game.
A: This is correct. At this point in time, we don't have any further limitations on the creation. As always, I like to give a caveat that this could change if we feel it's necessary. Source 
It should hold to the same idea of character creation now in regard to PvP or PvE. So if you are on PvE you could make them of the opposite faction, the same as you can now. On PvP, you should be restricted to the same faction for creation. Source 

Things we don't know about WotLK
We don't have any further details to share on the Deathknight starting area right now. Source 
We currently have no special plans relating to the attunement for level 60 Naxxramas. Source 



US forums reorganization
The US forums reorganization is now complete, for the moment none of these changes are affecting european forums. 
Thanks everyone for your patience as we shifted things around a bit. Just a quick run-down of changes we made:
Aside from the "crucial" forums such as Customer Service and Tech Support, everything that isn't in a sub-category has been alphabetized. "Non-critical" forums such as SCII and WotLK forums are left at the bottom.
The Guild Recruitment forum has been split into an Alliance and Horde variation, I would fully expect traffic to increase substantially for a bit while people rush to get their ads up, but it should slow back down after a while.
There's a new "Gameplay Discussion" subsection which now houses the Dungeon & Raid, PvP, Professions, and Quest forums. Possibilities exist for other forums to be added to this subsection in the future, but for now we think its pretty solid.
The drop down menu the thing in the upper left of every forum reflects all of these changes, and should hopefully provide a clearer and more logical separation.
In addition, the "WoW" prefix has been removed from all forums as everyone should already be aware they're looking through forums related to World of Warcraft.

We now hope we never have to change them ever again. Thanks again, and happy foruming! 


2008 CGS WoW Arena Tournament Announced
The Championship Gaming Series CGS  has announced its second annual World of Warcraft Arena Tournament. The top 1,000 3-vs.-3 Arena teams from North America and Europe will be invited to participate in an open-ladder competition running June 9 to June 22. The top two teams from each region will compete in a live final in Los Angeles, California for a top prize of $25,000. For more information, please check the [b] FAQ  Good luck to all of the participating teams! 


The New and Improved Gadgetzan Times
While the opening of the Dark Portal and the scandalous return of Kael’thas to the Sunwell Plateau might have been good for adventurers all over Azeroth, they haven’t been good for the goblins at the Gadgetzan Times. Known for their interest in all things explosive, there has been a significant shortage of reliable, sensible goblins to report on the events and news for this illustrious newspaper. When crisis looms, goblins get creative, and when the first ‘all-purpose automated author’ self-destructed, there was only one solution - call in the experts.

We are proud to present the new and improved Gadgetzan Times , containing fan fiction written about the World of Warcraft by the people who know it intimately – the players. Featuring a selection of stories in different languages, it’s the perfect place to share your stories with the world. You can find out how to submit your own story to the editors here.  


Worldwide Invitational Costume Contest
Along with our Machinima and Fan Art contests, we are holding a Worldwide Invitational Costume contest! To enter, simply send us a picture of your costume beforehand and come to the Worldwide Invitational to be judged! You need to own a Worldwide Invitational ticket to enter the competition. You can read more information and guidelines here !

We will be announcing more details for the Worldwide Invitational dance contest during the next few days, so make sure to check back soon! 


Fan arts
4 Fan arts have been added to the official sites. 


   
   