Boubouille2008-06-05, 04:40 AMWrath of the Lich King Bestiary Update - The Magnataur
The bestiary page for World of Warcraft: Wrath of the Lich King has been updated with a new creature and several new screenshots from the upcoming expansion. Learn more about one of the new species you'll encounter in Northrend, the redoubtable magnataur. 
Magnataur have the torso of a giant attached to the body of a mammoth. This peculiar appearance has sparked speculation that their race might be related to centaur or even keepers of the grove. Many wonder if these races share a common ancestor, and some have even suggested Cenarius himself.

The notoriously long-lived magnataur are rumored to engage in cannibalism during times when food is scarce. Single males are known to control giant herds and produce sizable litters, but in the frigid, perilous wastes at the roof of the world, only the strongest and meanest survive.

Despite their hostility to most races, the magnataur have become tolerant of the arctic kobolds, who follow the herds for safety and mutual benefit during long hunts. Although the redoubtable magnataur lead solitary lives, adventurers who cross paths with them quickly learn that it would have been wiser to stay at a safe distance. 

   
   


Arena Tournament Second Qualifier Begins 
Phase 1 of the 2008 World of Warcraft Arena Tournament's second qualification round has begun. Tournament participants have two weeks to hone their strategies, experiment with various team compositions, and practice their teamwork. To track the progress of your team and those of your competition, please visit the World of Warcraft Armory  and select the Coliseum 1 battlegroup. For more information on the tournament, please visit our Arena Tournament information page  Good luck, and may the best teams be left standing! 
And since we're talking about arenas, note that Vhairi's Scratchpad  has been updated with new stats from the US Arena servers. The biggest changes are probably the rogues who are becoming slightly more popular, and the warlocks who keep falling down. 


           


Blue posts
US Website Downtime
We will be performing maintenance on the World of Warcraft website and all related web features beginning tonight at 12:01 a.m. PDT, and ending at approximately 5:00 a.m. PDT. This downtime will include all web-based features such as the Armory, account management, and forums. Thank you for your patience and understanding during this maintenance. Source http://

Death Knight starting zone
You'll be eased into playing the class much like you are now when creating a new level one character. The Death Knight starting area will ease players into understanding their class abilities and talents, as well as Death Knight specific mechanics. Source 

Rendering of water in WoW
The water is only transparent when the land beneath it is within a certain distance from the surface. So, normally the edges of a body of water will be transparent while the middle will not. Unless it's been specifically specified to be otherwise. So yeah, you're seeing it as it should be. Source 


New Fan Arts
New fan arts have been added to the official sites.


     