Boubouille2007-08-05, 07:27 AMUpdate
If you didn't check, all results of the 5vs5 PvP tournament are available on PvPScene.com 

Update
Lvl 80 Mage spells are up. But probably not the final ones though

 

Zul'aman Loots
Yesterday I posted the stats of one of the loots seen on WoWinsider screenshot : [item=35000,en,wh]. Well, good news, the stats of the 2nd one are known ! [item=35001,en,wh]

Flying mount in Northrend
A lot of people asked if we can use the Flying mount in Northrend. The answer is simple : Yes, and no. The official answer taken from Xfire  is : we will be able to use flying mounts in Northrend, but not until "level 75 or 78" as they want to "keep us grounded and guide us on foot" as we start exploring the new continent.

And while we're answering the top questions, no, you don't loose the original character if you create a Death Knight, it's a new one.

Xfire chat with Tigole
I posted a few lines of the chat yesterday, I only took the most interesting parts, you can read the full version on Xfire  :

[Blizzard] Jeff Kaplan: Q: Will all heroes in warcraft 3 be added, and if so, what will you do with Liches or Dreadlords? and is all the current class imbalance in the game a setup for the Death Knight?
[Blizzard] Jeff Kaplan: We want to see how the Death Knight works out before talking about new Hero Classes. The cool thing about hero classes is it opens a lot of doors to pay homage to our favorite War3 heroes

[Xfire] BlizzCon 2007: arrantprac: Engineers have been thirsting for information about the profession review for a while now. Are there any bits of info you can share with us regarding upcoming engineering improvements?
[Blizzard] Jeff Kaplan: They'll be able to craft a new flying machine... that much i can tell you

[Xfire] BlizzCon 2007: tabby Mc. Killerson: QUESTION: Will Northrend have lots of enviroments, or be a giant Winterspring?
[Blizzard] Jeff Kaplan: We are absolutely NOT going to make Northrend all snow and ice! Howling Fjord playable here at BlizzCon is a beautiful, green forest zone with high cliffs, Borean Tundra has an "autumn" feel to it, Grizzly Hills looks like a beauitful Redwood forest. We definitely won't bury in snow.

[Xfire] BlizzCon 2007: Valken: Question: Will there be a closed beta for Wrath of the lich king, if yes will there be more then one way to get in. Like there was
[Blizzard] Jeff Kaplan: There will definitely be a closed beta for Wrath of the Lich King, and like the Burning Crusade and our other betas there will be multiple ways to get into that beta

[Xfire] BlizzCon 2007: 1. How the thing with flying mounts is actually going to be in Northrend ? I mean, it will be a bit weird to see cosmic and ethreal Nether Drakes and Eather Rays in quite "normal" Azeroth envoirnment. Is this going to stay as it is ?
[Blizzard] Jeff Kaplan: We're still unclear on exactly how flying mounts will work in Northrend. There WILL be flying mounts in Northrend and you'll be able to fly on your mount. But not for the initial levels when you enter the expansion

[Xfire] BlizzCon 2007: 2. As I'm quite lore fun, for me it seems crazy for making Dalaran the capital of the Northrend :o How it was possible that ruined Kirin Tor was able to rebuilt it and omagad even transport the whole CITY through the sea to the new continent. Why you choose Dalaran for the capital role and are we goin to see logical explanation about how the Dalaran was formed in Northrend ?
[Blizzard] Jeff Kaplan: More will come out about that soon but basically the Blue Dragonflight has taken a turn for the worse and the Kirin Tor are concerned about it. What's about to ensue is a battle over magic and once Dalaran is rebuilt, it will be the staging grounds for that battle

[Xfire] BlizzCon 2007: Archeus: with the addition of death knights, and the fact that they will start at a higher level then usual, i'm rather worried that everyone will have a level 80 deathknight quickly, reducing alot of the epic feel of the class.
Are there any plans to deal with this, or is it intended for everyone to have a chance at playing the deathknight on a high level?
[Blizzard] Jeff Kaplan: There's not a huge concern about seeing too many Death Knights. The appeal of any class is unique to the individual, for example, a lot of players like staying at range so they prefer mages, hunters, warlocks etc. Others enjoy going toe to toe so they play warriors and rogues, and leveling is not too hard in the game - so really people can already play whatever they want. They tend to stay drawn towards certain roles.

[Xfire] BlizzCon 2007: SS2 Maximilian: How does actually Siege weapons are going to work? Will they be controled and moved by players or will they work by clicking on them? A little like in Guild Wars.
[Blizzard] Jeff Kaplan: Siege weapons are still being developed but we definitely want them to be player controlled. We also want the siege weapons to have mobility so they can be positioned and aimed. Our hope too is to introduce very "warcrafty" siege to the game -- things like Meat Wagons, Ballistas etc.