Boubouille2007-11-03, 04:29 AMUpdate : The complete 2.3 Patch notes  have been updated with today's changes, they are tagged with a green U tag. 

Update

 

Update Thanks to Nebalee

 

A new build has been deployed on PTR, as usual, stay tuned for hidden changes. 


 

General
Transaction logs of the last 25 actions within each tab, as well as money activity. Note: Was 50 before



Racial Abilities
Humans: Mace Skill now increases the critical strike chance with maces and two-handed maces by 1%.



Druid
Challenging Roar: The chance for this ability to land successfully on its targets is now increased by hit rating.
Entangling Roots: This ability will no longer be overwritten when the new Entangling Roots would do less damage.
Feral Charge: It is now possible for the interrupt and root effects from this ability to be resisted separately.
Growl: The chance for this ability to land successfully on its target is now increased by hit rating.
Natural Perfection Restoration - Now also grants the Natural Perfection effect after being critically hit, reducing all damage taken by 1/3/5% for 8 seconds. Stacks up to 3 times.
Natural Perfection: This talent can now trigger while the Druid is sitting.
Tree of Life: It is no longer possible to have the bonus healing aura from this ability while not actually in Tree of Life Form.



Hunter
Expose Weakness: The triggered effect from this talent will no longer use up charges of Misdirection.
Misdirection: If a Hunter attempts to use this ability on a target which already has an active Misdirection, the spell will fail to apply due to a more powerful spell already being in effect. This will not trigger the cooldown or cost any mana.
Wyvern Sting: This ability will no longer be overwritten by lower ranks of Wyvern Sting.



Mage
Ignite: This talent is no longer triggered by damage dealt by Molten Armor.



Paladin
Righteous Defense: The chance for this ability to land successfully on its targets is now increased by hit rating.



Priest
Blessed Recovery: This talent can now trigger while the Priest is sitting.
Blessed Resilience: This talent can now trigger while the Priest is sitting.
Focused Will NEW Discipline Talent - After taking a critical hit you gain the Focused Will effect, reducing all damage taken by 1/3/5% and increasing healing effects on you by 4/7/10% for 8 seconds. Stacks up to 3 times.
Mind Vision: Now consumes the Inner Focus buff when cast.
Prayer of Mending: This ability will no longer be overwritten when the new Prayer of Mending would do less healing.
Silent resolve: This talent now benefits the triggered buffs from Blessed Resilience, Blessed Recovery, and Martyrdom.



Rogue
Dirty Deeds: This talent will no longer interfere with getting the bonus damage from the Druid ability Mangle on Rupture and Garrote.
Hemorrhage: This ability now does 125% of weapon damage.
Shadowstep Subtlety can now be used at any time, not only while stealthed. Now increases the damage and reduces the threat caused by the next damaging ability. Cooldown increased to 30 seconds. Range changed to 25 yards. Minimum range removed



Shaman
Earth Shield: This ability will no longer be overwritten when the new Earth Shield would do less healing.
Elemental Mastery: It is no longer possible to get two consecutive guaranteed critical strikes from using this ability.
Eye of the Storm: This talent can now trigger while the Shaman is sitting.



Warlock
Unstable Affliction: The silence from this ability is now subject to diminishing returns.



Warrior
Blood Craze: This talent can now trigger while the Warrior is sitting.
Challenging Shout: The chance for this ability to land successfully on its targets is now increased by hit rating.
Enrage: This talent can now trigger while the Warrior is sitting.
Taunt: The chance for this ability to land successfully on its target is now increased by hit rating.



Professions
Engineering
The Crashin' Thrashin' Robot is now Bind on Use rather than Bind on Acquire so non-engineers can use them as well.



Items
Band of the Eternal Restorer: As this item now provides some bonus spell damage, spell damage effects can trigger it. In addition, healing over time effects can now trigger it when they could not before.
Eye of the Dead: As this item now provides some bonus spell damage, spell damage effects can now consume its charges.
Free Action Potion: The buff from this potion can no longer be dispelled or taken via Spellsteal.
Hallowed Wands: These items no longer work on Druids who are shapeshifted.
Hallowed Wands: These wands no longer function in the Old Hillsbrad Caverns of Time event.
Hallow’s End Pumpkin Treats: The larger and oranger buff no longer causes Battle Elixirs to be removed and can stack with them.
Lightning Capacitor: This item now has a 2.5 second cooldown on acquiring Electrical Charges.
Noggenfogger Elixir: Consuming this potion now has a shared 3 second cooldown with other types of non-combat potions.
Ogri’la Reputation Rewards: All epic and superior quality items are now disenchantable.
PvP Trinkets: Insignia of the Alliance, Insignia of the Horde, Medallion of the Alliance, and Medallion of the Horde now clear the debuff from Judgement of Justice.



Raids & Dungeons
Auchindoun: Sethekk Halls
The Shadow Labyrinth Key can now be looted from the Talon King's Coffer next to Talon King Ikiss in the Sethekk Halls.

Auchindoun: Shadow Labyrinth
Blackheart the Inciter: This stun associated with this creature’s charge ability will now properly be considered a stun for talents, abilities, and items that interact with stuns.

Black Temple
High Nethermancer Zerevor's Blizzard and Flamestrike will now last their full duration.

Hellfire Citadel: Hellfire Ramparts
The Reinforced Fel Iron Chest can now only be looted by players who are present during some portion of a successful attempt of the Vazruden and Nazan encounter. In addition, on Heroic difficulty the chest now contains a Badge of Justice for each player present.

Karazhan
Karazhan Chess Event: The Dust Covered Chest can now only be looted by players who are nearby when the event is completed successfully. In addition, the chest now contains 2 Badges of Justice for each player present.

Tempest Keep: The Mechanar
The Mechanar: The Cache of the Legion can now only be looted by players who are present during some portion of a successful attempt of the Gatewatcher Gyro-Kill and Gatewatcher Iron-Hand encounters. In addition, on Heroic difficulty Gatewatcher Gyro-Kill and Gatewatcher Iron-Hand no longer drop Badges of Justice. Instead, the Cache of the Legion contains a Badge of Justice for each player present.



World Environment
The gas clouds in Netherstorm are now always visible. Abilities on goggles that previously allowed the player to detect these invisible gas clouds will now show all gas clouds on their minimap instead. This will stack with other tracking types.