Boubouille2008-04-04, 10:23 AMBeta site activated in Europe
Remember yesterday's news about   being "activated" and showing a 403 "Forbidden" error instead of the usual "404" Page not found ? Well, it looks like things are moving fast because   has been activated as well this morning ! It definitely looks like Blizzard is getting prepared for something. 


 


The WoW Arena Tournament Forum is Live
The official forum for the 2008 World of Warcraft Arena Tournament is now live! We are very excited to launch this Tournament that allows our players to lay down their skills and battle it out in the Arena for fun and prizes!

All players are able to read this forum but you must have a registered account to post here. You can register here right now:  

WoW Arena Tournament Forum:  


Arena tournament issues and plans
A few posts have been made concerning various issues with the Arena Tournament and what's scheduled for it.
Unusually long queue times
We are currently looking into the reason behind the long queue times, and will report back as soon as we get more information. We are actively testing the queues, and should have more information within a few hours. Source 

Addons restrictions on Tournament Realm
During the online phase of the tournament, there are no restrictions in regards to what add-ons players can use. For the live event, there are restrictions in place limiting players to the default UI and custom macros. Source 

Arena Tournament realm on the Armory site
It is not currently on the Armory, but we do plan on adding it. Currently the Arena Tournament is in the practice phase, but once we are a little ways into the actual qualifiers you can expect the data you see on regular realms characters, teams, ladders, etc. to show up on the Armory. Source 

Posting on forums as your Arena Tournament character
It's not currently possible to post using your arena character. We are looking into various posting options for arena tournement players for the future, however. Source 


Live servers bugs
A few more blue posts concerning bugs affecting live realms.
Other players' crafting results not filtered out when set to "Self"
We are aware of this issue and are working to resolve it. Source 

Guild Banks Withdrawals count not resetting
Our DBAs are actively working to resolve this issue. The initial cause seems to have been resolved but as this is still affecting some players it is still being investigated. Please continue to report this problem via In-game GM reports. I'd suggest putting in a petition each day that the bank limit has not been reset for your guild. Be sure to submit your reports with the character's being affected so that our DBAs can correlate the data. Source 


World of Warcraft coming to Latin America
A new FAQ has been added for the Latin American players. 
We have just posted an FAQ for our Latin American community. Please follow the link below to review this FAQ.

 
Actually, I never talked about this but a few days ago Blizzard announced in a press release that they were preparing World of Warcraft for release in Latin America. The latin american version of the game will be heavily based on the european spanish one but with re-recorded in-game speech.
IRVINE, Calif. – Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. today announced that World of Warcraft®, its award-winning, subscription-based massively multiplayer online role-playing game MMORPG, is being prepared for release in Latin America. The Latin American localization will be based on the existing European Spanish version but will feature entirely re-recorded in-game speech. This new version of the game will be rolled out in select markets throughout Latin America starting in the first half of 2008 and will also be available to Spanish-speaking players in the US and Canada at that time.

A dedicated Spanish-speaking team is being assembled at the Blizzard Entertainment offices in Irvine, California and Austin, Texas to ensure that Spanish-speaking World of Warcraft players based in North and South America will receive high-quality 24/7 support in Spanish. Positions are currently open on the company's customer service, quality assurance, community relations, and web teams, and a new official website for the game's North and South America-based Spanish-speaking players is in development. 


Cake or pie ?
Cake, definitely. This one was posted on the official forums  and looks very nice. 


 