Boubouille2008-01-04, 04:36 AMStill nothing on the 2.4 today, but we've got a small update on WotLK from PCZone and a few interesting blue posts. ^^

Jeff Kaplan Tigole Interview in PC Zone
The latest issue of PC Zone  #190 was released with a small interview of Jeff Kaplan containing a few more information about the expansion, nothing really new but a few people asked for it by mail and more details are always welcome. In a few lines : 
<ul> Northrend isn't just all snow, for example the Howling Fjord is completely green and modelled after the Redwood Forest  while the Borean Tundra 2nd starting zone has typical autumn colours. Devs really feel they were too protective of Illidan and want players to interact with Arthas a lot more, you will talk to him, have moments with him, and you won't have to be a raider to see him. There is also the new CoT instance letting you "clean" Stratholme with him in the past. There are four points of entry for Northrend two for each side. <ul>Howling Fjord <font color="#3B6BA9">Alliance players</font> will enter the zone by boat through the Fjord walls and arrive in the middle of a big battle. Note : See Valgarde  <font color="#D92624">Horde players</font> will arrive in an area with a brand new Forasken architecture with a nice "Tim Burton feel". Note : See New Agamand  Borean Tundra <font color="#3B6BA9">Alliance players</font> comes into a giant Alliance stronghold with a brand new leader that devs are currently building up, and a massive alliance steam ship. They plan to launch an expeditionary force to get to the Icecrown Citadel and defeat Arthas. <font color="#D92624">Horde players</font> comes into the Warsong Fortress ruled by Garosh Hellscream , son of Grom Hellscream  The Warsong base is said to be "absolutely huge and epic".[/list][/list]
That's all folks ! Thanks to Komodo/Valiance for the report, you can hug him on 
#mmo-champion on irc.quakenet.org irc://irc.quakenet.org/mmo-champion It's been a while since the last time I mentionned the channel, come, we've got cookies !


2v2 Arena queues
Drysc posted another statement about 2v2 queues and the situation is looking better than a few weeks ago, it looks like Blizzard decided to fix it or at least improve the situation in a future patch, don't expect it for 2.3.2 though.
It's an issue, and we're aware and will be making changes to help with the wait times. The change will require a patch, but will not be a part of 2.3.2. I'll state a vague "future patch" just to be safe, but we're hoping to resolve the wait times as soon as possible.

The change will make it so that more instances can kick up in a shorter amount of time. Which doesn't necessarily mean there can't ever be a wait again, but it should drastically decrease them. Of course, prime-time 2v2 is still going to be run the most and susceptible to the longest wait, but our hope would be to make "the longest wait" inconsequential.


Arena Season 4
Not before a long time, sorry. 
I couldn't tell you what the plan is for Season 4 yet. Let's wait a little longer before we worry. You should have plenty of time to get the gear you want now and when we can tell you more about Season 4, we will so that that those of you who like to stockpile points can.


Other blue posts
Reputation leveling
The bleed over is about 25% into every other major faction reputation when completing a quest for one. So, for instance, you could get 100 rep for a quest rewarding Orgrimmar reputation and you would receive 25 rep for Darkspear Trolls. This bleed over isn't noted in the log Source 

Any new mounts in WotLK ? 
We have stated in the past that we don't have any announced plans to add another tier of riding skill in Wrath of the Lich King. While you won't be able to use your current flying mounts right when you get to Northrend, we plan to allow you to use them at a later point in time. As a reminder, anything could be subject to change at this point. Source 

Are TBC dungeons going to be retuned with WotLK ?
I haven't heard of any plans to retune any of the TBC dungeons heroic or standard. Of course this could change though by the time Wrath of the Lich King launches. Source 

Could we have heroic versions of pre-BC instances ?
This has been brought up in the past and we still don't have any plans to do this as we are focused on brand new content instead. Source 

Game freezing during transition between battlegrounds
This is indeed a known issue fixed in the next patch. You should be able to work around it by closing your raid pull-outs before switching battlegrounds. Source 

Badges of Justice gear
The Badge of Justice gear isn't meant to fill up every slot for characters, but instead provide some good options for certain ones. With these upgrades hopefully it will allow you to progress through some content at a better rate and you can then get new items from there. Source 


US Servers - Free character moves
US servers are getting more free transfers, if you're interested in it but recently used a paid transfer, keep in mind that Free Character Moves and Paid Character Transfers have separate cooldowns. 
We will be offering free character moves from selected high population realms to lower populated realms, assisting in population dispersal. The ability to move a character on the selected source realms will become available on Friday, January 4 at 12:01 PM PST, and are scheduled to run until Friday, January 11 at 12:01 PM PST.

In the event that a realm meets our transfer goals before the scheduled end date, the transfers to that realm will be disabled. We highly recommend that if you are planning to transfer that you do so at your earliest convenience. No characters will be eligible for these free moves once the transfers have been closed.

Once the transfers open you can begin your transfer by visiting the Character Move page located here:  

The realms chosen consist of source realms with the highest sustained queues, and destination realms with the lowest population. The numbers gathered are directly from our data, and depict the realms in most need of these transfers. We will be continuing to monitor all realms and open additional free transfers in the future where necessary.

Source Group A
Aerie Peak, Zul'jin, Area 52, Aggramar
Destination A
Quel'dorei

Source Group B
Arthas, Burning Blade, Mal'Ganis, Skullcrusher
Destination B
Dentarg