Boubouille2008-04-14, 10:28 AMUS-Proudmoore first realm to reach the 4th phase of the offensive
That's it, US-Proudmoore  unlocked the last part of Quel'danas, including Shaani , the NPC selling epic gems for 15 10 ? See below badges, and all the epic gem patterns rewarded by the Shattered Sun Offensive ! 

Sadly, they can't buy them yet, they have to rebuild the Alchemy Lab first before Shaani starts selling all her items. Pretty much like Smith Hauthaa and the Anvil during the 3rd Phase


 


Epic gems for ... 10 badges ?
The 4th phase is active on at least one of the US server, and all the items related to this phase have been activated on the official armory. That's where it gets interesting, you could buy all the epic gems from Shaani for 15 badges during the testing phase of the patch on Test Servers, but according to the official armory  the price has been lowered to 10 badges ! 

It's still unclear if it's a bug from the armory or an intended change but we'll probably have to wait until players on Proudmoore complete the alchemy lab to get a definitive answer.


 


Arena Tournament Second Qualifying Round
When we have dates for the second qualification round we will provide a schedule for it just like we have for the first qualifier.

We have not announced when and where the regional qualifier will take place. When we get closer to it happening we will announce it on the website and forums.


Arena class representation
Vhairi  released a bunch of interesting stats on his blog , analyzing the amount of players playing each class in Arena Tournaments for all 3 brackets. 
2v2 Arena is clearly dominated by Druids and Warriors, followed by Rogues and Warlocks. At high level the population of Mages, Paladins, Hunters, and Shamans is almost non-existant compared to the first 4 classes. 
3v3 isn't really different, Warriors, Druids, and Rogues are still on top, with the additions of Priests. At high level the amount of warlocks match the other "unpopular" classes.
5v5 is where all the non-druid healers hide, with Priests, Shamans, and Paladins on top. The most popular non-healing classes are Warriors and Warlocks. 







Twin Eredars Kill Videos
The Twin Eredars have been killed by a few guilds last week, and videos are already available ! You can already download the following :
[url=] Eredar Twins down by SK Gaming 
Method Vs. Eredar Twins 
vodka Vs. Eredar Twins 
Last Resort Vs. The Eredar Twins 




   
   


Comics
The new Dark Legacy  and Teh Gladiators  are out !


   