Boubouille2007-09-15, 08:46 AMDeath Knight Q&A
Someone posted a few questions about the Death Knight and Bornakk was nice enough to answer them, I guess it's always nice to have a small compilation of Death Knight facts because we don't know much about them actually
Q: Everyone will roll death knight alts because they start at lvl 60, so they have less work to do.
A: We do hope a lot of people try out the class, it should be a lot of fun. But we also know that people have their preferred style of play so we don't expect everybody to drop their current characters and play the Death Knight exclusively. 

Q: It forces you to master a class in high-level areas where you need to know your class to suceed, and most new Death knights won't know how to play their class at all.
A: Just leveling up to reach Northrend will take time and should provide players some great experience in learning the new class. 

Q: Other classes will fall out of favor for alts, because they start at lvl 1, wheras Death Knights start at 60.
A: I'm not sure that other classes falling out of favor as alts is really a big deal, but I wanted to clarify that the starting level of the Death Knight has not been finalized, but they will start at a higher level as a level 1 Death Knight doesn't sound quite right. 

Q: The massive flood of Death Knights will clog battlegrounds, making matches extremely uneven No class variety, so less heals, druid bufs, etc.
A: While a lot of people may make Death Knight alts to try out the class, especially near the launch of Wrath of the Lich King, not everybody is going to level them to 80 or switch them to their main character. Also, both factions will be interested in playing the Death Knight, so any lack of heals will probably go both ways. 

Q: The lack of levels to obtain takes away what makes WoW so fun: Leveling up and gaining new abilities.
A: They will still need to level through Outland and Northrend which can take a fair amount of time. 

Q: New players will have to wait months to try a class they may have wanted from the beginning.
A: We have not finalized way that the Death Knight will be unlocked yet, if that is what you are referring to. 

We have wanted to make Hero Classes for a long time and we feel the Death Knight will be a fun one to start with while adding a great new element to the game for players to enjoy fighting with... and against.

Because we talked about them way back at the launch of the game, a lot of people had or still have a built up idea of what a "hero class" is or should be. But until the Death Knight, they didn't exist, so there was no definition of a Hero Class. 

We don't want a Hero Class to be stronger than the other classes and we don't want to restrict it so only a few of our players can create them. One of the design philosophies that we follow is that we keep our entire playerbase in mind when making things to maximize the fun for everybody, not just a select few. 

Third faction
Not anytime soon, and probably never considering how hard it would be to balance everything.
While hearing murloc noises already makes me shudder, the Alliance and the Horde are a strong basis to build a story of conflict and war for players to experience and we have no plans at this time of adding a third playable faction. We are happy with the way the two factions are "interacting" in the game and plan to continue weaving the story around them. 

Vanish
While we are always evaluating abilities and making changes as appropriate, we have no current plans to change how vanish works. Hope that helps.

Various info from other websites
The official site was updated with a small Ogri'la guide , you probably understood everything written here within 10 minutes of questing but I guess it's great if you want to start. Especially if we consider that I've been slacking on reputation pages.
WoWinsider.com  updated the WoWWiki map of Utgarde Keep posted yesterday with a few more information, including various point of interest, you can check it here 



Comics
Forgot to update on thursday, this is now fixed !

   