Boubouille2007-12-10, 08:57 AMMonday is as usual, awfully slow for news. There isn't any word about the 2.3.2 yet but I wouldn't be surprised if it was deployed this week. The 2.3.2 changes  are here if you want to check them again

Server transfers and character transfer
Sometimes, some blue posts just go through unnoticed especially when they're on the support forum because nobody tracks them, this post is one of them. Hopefully, some people have the patience to do it and WoWInsider.com  reported it. I guess it's worth posting on the homepage because according to this post you won't get reimbursed if you lose your title by transfering your character, you might want to think twice before doing it. 

However, keep in mind that Blizzard is working on the issue and you might be able to get your titles back in the future if they figure out a way to do it, but don't count on it for the moment. 
Good afternoon, ladies and gents; it has come to our attention that a number of players have expressed confusion, and at times consternation, regarding the functionality of Arena titles — e.g. Duelist, Gladiator, etc. — when using the Paid Character Transfer service. In hopes of providing some clarification into the matter at hand, such Arena titles may be lost when transferring a character between realms or accounts.

This mechanic is currently being examined in greater detail, so that further determination may be made as to whether its current functionality is in line with the design as envisioned by the appropriate developers; we regret to inform you, however, that any titles lost as a result of this mechanic are unable to be reinstated or reimbursed by the Game Master Department. Please accept our most sincere apologies, however, for any frustration or inconvenience this matter may have caused, and await word on any potential changes in the status of this functionality.

Thank you, above all, for your understanding; we are truly sorry if any misconstruction has arisen during correspondence with our department.


Feast of Winter Veil
I posted about the changes to the Feast of Winter Veil 2007 2 days ago, but I totally forgot to include the screenshots sent with the press release, so here they are. The Winter Veil event will start in 5 days 2007-12-15 and lasts two weeks. 


     
     
     


Comics
I think I should rename this to "weekly Dark Legacy Comic" at some point. 


 