Boubouille2008-01-10, 07:52 AMToday we've got 2.3.2 bug reports mostly, the Blizzard Podcast is still unofficialy scheduled for release today and we might get fresh informations on 2.4 in a few hours, stay tuned. 

Europe - Free Character Migration
The european players are getting more free character migration available to reduce the queues on overpopulated realms.
Due to population differences between some of the highest and lowest populated PvP realms, the following Free Character Migration will be available January 9th to 15th:

From: Crushridge, Frostmane, Grim Batol, Outland
To: Dentarg, Haomarush, Mazrigos

Please note that the migration may be closed at any time should a destination realm's population rise too high.

FAQ:  


Rogues - Hemorrhage changes in 2.3.2
I talked about this a few weeks months? ago during the 2.3.2 testing but it's great to have a post explaining everything for people who didn't read the original posts about this. 
Hemo should be doing less damage in 2.3.2 than in 2.3.0.

Hemorrhage is also normalized based on weapon type and speed so the amount of damage you do with an individual attack will vary depending on the type and speed of the weapon you are using and can not be directly compared to your main hand attacks.


Other blue posts
Key-like items
There is no plans to change items used as a key like the Drakefire Amulet to let players put them on the keyring. Source 

Paladins - Judgements
Judgement for various technical reasons is considered a melee attack and therefor can not be used while blessing of protection or divine protection is active. This is NOT a bug. Source 

[Bug - Alterac Valley] Snowfall Graveyard
It takes more than the intended 4 minutes to capture the Snowfall Graveyard, it will be fixed in an upcoming patch. Source 

[Bug - Druid] Abolish Poison
The combat log is not showing resists/failures correctly on subsequent ticks of abolish poison. The resistance is still being applied it's just not showing up correctly in the log. Source 

[Bug - Druid] Natural Perfection
You shouldn't be able to trigger Natural Perfection by sitting to get intentionally hit by a critical strike. 

[Bug - Mage] Frostbolt / Judgement of Wisdom
Frostbolts aren't triggering Judgement of Wisdom. This is a known issue and will be fixed in a future patch. Source 

[Bug - Warrior] Whirlwind off-hand crits
Whirlwind offhand crits don't proc flurry or rampage, this is a known issue and it will be fixed in an upcoming patch. Source 


World of Warcraft wins an Emmy Award
Blizzard won an award during the 59th Technology & Engineering Emmy Awards held during the CES in Las Vegas this week under the category "Development of Massively Multiplayer Online Graphical Role Playing Games". 

According to the Emmy Awards  website, 2 other games won this award : Everquest and Neverwinter Nights. I'm not sure if NWN and EQ won an award for the original game, or for the follow-ups, it seems a bit late to give an award to the original Everquest game even if it definitely deserves an award.