Boubouille2007-09-28, 04:42 AM2.3 Patch changes list
It seems that the CMs released all the information they could for the moment and they started doing compilation of changes for each class. No real point in linking them since everything is available in our list just here  If you notice that something is still missing just post in comments, or I might add it later once I'm finished going through all my mails. Yes I've been awfully slow with them lately

If you're still hungry for future changes, you can also check the good old Blizzcon changes mega-list

The Headless Horseman is on the PTR !
Yup, the bad guy is hiding in Scarlet Monastery's Graveyard, it seems that you can take him down with a group of level 70 players and ... It drops epix ! He also drops the flying broom mount A video is available, streaming here  and high quality version download here  and another one that doesn't fly. And now, the loot.


 

   

       

This boss is part of the hallow's end event
You can find him :
In the Scarlet Monastery's Graveyard. Summoned from the big pumpkin, you will be able to fight him here.
In low level towns like Goldshire and Kharanos anywhere where there is a Costumed Orphan Matron, just get the quest from commoners in any major city, he will attack the villages every 4 hours and you will have to prevent them from burning by extinguishing fires. You won't be able to attack the horseman and it's actually a very boring quest.





Character copy reset on PTR
The amount of character copy has been reset ... including premades ! Time for more PTR testing. 

2 New WotLK Screenshots
When we saw the first screenshots of WotLK during the Blizzcon, I was worried because it really didn't look as nice as what I expected. Good news, in about 2 months it improved greatly ! Blizzard released 2 new screenshots on the official site, and one of them is an "upgraded" version of an old one. I think it's a Tuskarr Camp in the Borean Tundra, but I'm not sure



<table> <tr> <td>   </td> <td>   </td> </tr> <tr> <td> <center>New version</center> </td> <td> <center>"Old" Version Blizzcon 2007</center> </td> </table>  


2.2 and raid encounters bugs
While we were busy with the 2.3 patch preview, people were struggling with the 2.2 version of their bosses, Al'ar, the Reliquary of Souls, and Illidan encounters were badly bugged. They should be all fixed now, an enrage timer was also added to Illidan, 15 minutes in the first place, and then changed to 25 minutes in the latest hotfix. Daelo explains. 
Ok, we're in the process of deploying a hotfix that will change Illidan's berserk timer to 25 minutes. I'll make a post when our server people tell me it's been deployed to the realms. We're also looking into what went wrong in our processes that led us to the 15 minute timer suddenly appearing.

And now, I want to discuss berserk timers for a little while...

It was certainly not our intent to add a strong DPS check to this encounter with a new 15 minute berserk timer. Pretty much all of our encounters have berserk timers, but the vast majority of them are set at values that you'll probably not see during normal play. They exist mainly as safety check to make sure that the fight isn't being beaten with some really odd strategy or some kind of undiscovered exploit.

Now, some of them do have very aggressive berserk timers as part of the overall challenge. Encounters like Hydross the Unstable, Patchwerk, and Leotheras the Blind come to mind. The timers for those encounters enforce a minimum DPS requirement on the raid, which means you can't stack the raid with healing classes, have your DPS be very timid, and expect to win. If we set these kinds of timers TOO aggressively, then you have to stack in the opposite way with fewer healers and more damage dealing classes. Our challenge is finding the sweet spot.

Other encounters have more "organic" limits to the overall fight length. Gruul the Dragonkiller eventually grows to the point of destroying tanks in one hit, Lady Vashj's ever growing Spore Bat army wears the raid down, etc. Those mechanics are all pretty cool, but every encounter is different. Some fights work well with these kinds of soft organic time limits, but sometimes the simple brick wall of a berserk timer promotes a bit more tension and sense of urgency.

So back to Illidan... the 25 minute Berserk timer is not designed to be an aggressive timer. Raids fighting Illidan should have plenty of time to beat him. 


Arena season 3
Something very interesting, your personal rating will reset if you join another team and you will even need it to get the armored netherdrake at the end of the season.
Q: Do players have a "personal rating" for each team, or each bracket?
A: It's for each team. Your personal rating resets for that bracket if you join a new team, so you can't just pad your rating by joining new teams. It's also used to determine end-of-season reward eligibility titles and/or special mount. To be eligible a player's personal rating on the team must be at least within 100 rating of their team's rating. This will take effect with season 3 not season 2, since players don't currently have personal ratings.

And also a small reminder about how rating will affect arena gear in the long run
Season 3 starts and season 3 gear has rating requirements. Season 2 drops down, no rating requirement. Season 1 goes to honor system.
Season 4 starts and season 4 gear has rating requirements. Season 3 drops down, no rating requirement. Season 2 goes to honor system, season 1 is lost to the ages.