Boubouille2008-04-19, 07:03 AMTwin Eredars ... Hard mode ?
Vodka  killed the Twin Eredars ! Even if it doesnt sound new, they managed to get rid of Sacrolash before killing Grand Warlock Alythess and the result was surprising ... One extra epic loot and 4 Sunmotes ! It looks like Blizzard wanted to be nice with people completing the encounter the hard way. 


 

Reminder : You can find Sunwell Plateau bosses loot table in this post 


Blue posts
Would it be possible to get NPCs to "train" with our character without anything interfering ?
Generally speaking the mechanics and actions of a fight against an NPC is pretty different compared to PvP fighting. The skirmish Arena modes are available for you to get practice in and get used to all of the options your character has available. That said we will consider this for the future but I can't make any guarantees on it. Source 

10-Man dungeons in WotLK
We do plan to continue making 10 person raid dungeons, we just aren't quite ready to share information on dungeons that will use this raid size. Source 

Armor sets in WotLK
I will say that the armor sets in Wrath of the Lich King are looking awesome. People will always differ in opinions on what "looks cool" but there were many awesome designs in The Burning Crusade and the original World of Warcraft and we plan to continue developing as many new and exciting sets as we possibly can. Source 

What is the point of green versus gold in Arenas ?
We universally use blue to define the Alliance and red for the Horde on banners and such across the game. Using green and gold allows us to assign them to either faction while still having colors that are distinct enough that you won't get them mixed up. Source 

Balance of Arena Team Compositions
I wouldn't say that this makes it unbalanced. You are free to create a character of any kind so if you feel a different group synergy will work better it will only take you a few minutes to setup. Players are always looking to maximize their usefulness in some way so there will always end up as some class/spec that is the most popular. Expecting a straight even balance across the board is a little unrealistic but we will continually look to balancing things to provide players with the most options possible. Source 


Oceanic Free Character Moves & New Realm
We will be offering free character moves from selected high population realms to lower populated realms, assisting in population dispersal. The ability to move a character on the selected source realms will become available on Monday, April 21 at 12:00PM PDT, and are scheduled to run until Monday, April 28 at 12:00PM PDT.

The destination for this round of transfers is to a new Oceanic PvP realm, Dreadmaul, to provide additional options and growth for the Oceanic community.

In the event that any of these realms meets our transfer goals before the scheduled end date, the transfers pertaining to that realm will be disabled. We highly recommend that if you are planning to transfer that you do so at your earliest convenience. No characters will be eligible for these free moves once the transfers have been closed.

Once the transfers open you can begin your transfer by visiting the Character Move page located here:  

The realms chosen consist of source realms with the highest sustained queues, and destination realms with the lowest population. The numbers gathered are directly from our data, and depict the realms in most need of these transfers. We will be continuing to monitor all realms and open additional free transfers in the future where necessary.

Source B PvP
Barthilas
Frostmourne
Jubei'Thos
Thaurissan

Destination B PvP
Dreadmaul*

*Dreadmaul is a new Oceanic PvP realm that will be in the Bloodlust Battlegroup. Character creation for this realm will be turned off for the duration of the transfers. The Ahn’Qiraj gates will already be open too.


Webby Award Nominees Announced
The 12th Annual Webby Award nominees have been announced, and the Toyota Tacoma commercial featuring World of Warcraft has been nominated for an award in the Online Commercials category. Titled Tacoma Truck Summoner, the commercial shows a brave adventurer charging into combat against a dragon on "four wheels of fury," while defiantly ignoring his comrade’s plea that there are no trucks in World of Warcraft. The online spot, along with the other nominees, can be viewed on the Webby Awards website 

To participate, you can sign up and vote for your favorite nominees on the Webby People's Voice  site.


Nihilum live Sunwell Plateau raid on XFire
For the first time ever, Xfire is offering the opportunity to watch a world-class WoW guild live as they raid the latest instance in the game.

Not only allowing viewers to visit Sunwell Plateau, World of Warcraft's latest instance, the live video streams will also be a never seen before occasion to see how top WoW guild Nihilum handles the toughest bosses in the game.

To access the live video stream, click one of the four classes buttons to the right of the page. By doing so, you will get into the action from the point of view of that player.

Important notes:
We have a 1,000 viewers cap; make sure you show up on time.
You cannot watch several streams at a time. Pick one! 



Chat with other WoW fans about the raid in a dedicated, moderated Xfire chat room.

While you're watching the raid, we're offering you a chance to join a dedicated chat room on Xfire where you will meet other viewers. This way, you'll be able to share your thoughts and comments about the streaming video and the raid itself.

The live raid will offer 4 different point of views :  Kungen ,  Darmor ,  Johnny_R ,  Buzzkill  and is scheduled for April 30th, 2008 at 19:00 CEST.


 ,xfire__nihilum_live_raid_streaming/


Twenty-Two All-New Warcraft® and StarCraft® Manga Volumes Slated for Release through 2010
New York Comic-Con, New York April 17, 2008 ― On the heels of the critically acclaimed international hit manga series Warcraft®: The Sunwell Trilogy, TOKYOPOP, the leader of the global manga revolution, and Blizzard Entertainment®, creator of some of the world's most popular game series, are proud to announce their three-year publishing plan. Over the next 36 months, the companies intend to release twenty-two all-new never-before-told adventures set in the richly detailed Warcraft and StarCraft® universes.

According to TOKYOPOP Editor-in-Chief Rob Tokar, "After several fantastic years of working with Blizzard Entertainment on Warcraft: The Sunwell Trilogy, it is both a pleasure and an honor to extend our relationship in such a grand fashion. The entire TOKYOPOP team is incredibly excited to help expand the Warcraft and StarCraft universes through manga. Blizzard has been a terrific partner and, by incorporating original characters from Warcraft: The Sunwell Trilogy into their incredible massively multiplayer online role-playing game, World of Warcraft®, they have again shown that their game universe is a vast, rich, immersive phenomenon that transcends any one medium."

"We're pleased to continue working with TOKYOPOP to bring our game universes to an entirely new audience," said Paul Sams, chief operating officer of Blizzard Entertainment. "Warcraft: The Sunwell Trilogy proved to be a top-quality adaptation of Warcraft to the manga format, and we look forward to matching that quality with the upcoming StarCraft and Warcraft books."

In celebration of the 10th anniversary of Blizzard Entertainment's bestselling StarCraft real-time strategy game, this August TOKYOPOP will publish the first volume of the new manga series, StarCraft: Frontline, a collection of four stories set in the dark and gritty StarCraft universe. StarCraft: Frontline includes "Thundergod," by renowned writer Richard A. Knaak Warcraft: The Sunwell Trilogy and Naohiro Washio, and focuses on the new Thor heavy combat walker unit that will be appearing in Blizzard Entertainment's upcoming sequel, StarCraft II. Other artists and writers featured in this collection include Simon Furman Transformers, Paul Benjamin Pantheon High, Joshua Elder Mail Order Ninja, and Ramanda Kamarga Psy-Comm.

August also hails the debut of the first volume of the all-new manga series Warcraft: Legends. Some of the world's best manga creators join together to bring the world of Warcraft to life as never before! Warcraft vets Richard A. Knaak and Jae-Hwan Kim Warcraft: The Sunwell Trilogy team up again for "Fallen," which is the first of a three-part tale. Other global talent for Warcraft: Legends includes Dan Jolley Warriors; JSA Liberty Files, Carlos Oliveros and Mi-Young No Threads of Time.

StarCraft: Frontline and Warcraft: Legends are the first two of more than twenty releases set in the StarCraft and Warcraft universes that TOKYOPOP and Blizzard Entertainment will collaborate on and publish over the course of three years. Stay tuned for more details about other books in this historic publishing program.