Boubouille2008-02-22, 10:30 PMUpdate 12:00 CET - Added new material requirements for most of the Sunwell Plateau epic recipes, some of them have been increased massively like the Sunblessed Breastplate  Old 

A new PTR patch is being deployed to the PTRs. This post will be updated during the next hours with all the changes.

Tier 6 changes
The Tier 6 belts/bracers/boots got some of their stamina back, not as much as the first version but it looks better now. 

Druid - Thunderheart Raiment , Thunderheart Harness , Thunderheart Regalia 
Hunter - Gronnstalker's Armor 
Mage - Tempest Regalia 
Rogue - Slayer's Armor 
Paladin - Lightbringer's Armor , Lightbringer's Battlegear , Lightbringer's Raiment 
Priest - Vestments of Absolution , Absolution Regalia 
Shaman - Skyshatter Harness , Skyshatter Regalia , Skyshatter Raiment 
Warlock - Malefic Raiment 
Warrior - Onslaught Armor , Onslaught Battlegear 


Hyjal/BT Jewelcrafting patterns
I don't think the designs are available from any NPC on PTRs yet, but the items are definitely in game and we should probably see them very soon. Basically, all the patterns rewarded through Scale of Sands reputation or dropping from BT/Hyjal bosses will be available from the Shattered Sun Offensive.


 


Lord Ahune loot table
Lord Ahune  is a new Headless-horseman-like boss, you will be able to fight him during the Midsummer Festival June 21 - July 5 and after a small fight he might reward you with a few epics. That's a daily quest and you'll be able to summon him once a day.

Phase 1 - The boss spawns two types of adds and you can't really damage him, just take care of the adds and after a minute, Ahune will go into phase 2.
Phase 2 - Ahune submerges ragnaros-style and its Frozen Core will spawn, that's when you attack him ! After some time Ahune will emerge and you'll have to fight adds for one more minute, etc ...

Loot table
Frostscythe of Lord Ahune 
The Frost Lord's War Cloak 
Icebound Cloak 
Shroud of Winter's Chill 
Scorched Stone  Pet


Sunwell craft recipes changes
Most of the patterns for epic items dropping in the Sunwell Plateau got their material requirements changed.

Tailoring
Sunfire Robe  Old 
Sunfire Handwraps  Old 
Robe of Eternal Light  Old 
Hand of Eternal Light  Old 

Leatherworking
Leather Gauntlets of the Sun  Old 
Leather Chestguard of the Sun  Old 
Fletcher's Gloves of the Phoenix  Old 
Embrace of the Phoenix  Old 
Sun-Drenched Scale Chestguard  Old 
Sun-Drenched Scale Gloves  Old 
Gloves of Immortal Dusk  Old 
Carapace of Sun and Shadow  Old 

Blacksmithing
Sunblessed Breastplate  Old 
Sunblessed Gauntlets  Old 
Hard Khorium Battleplate  Old 
Hard Khorium Battlefists  Old 

Engineering
Annihilator Holo-Gogs  Old 
Hard Khorium Goggles  Old 
Hyper-Magnified Moon Specs  Old 
Justicebringer 3000 Specs  Old 
Lightning Etched Specs  Old 
Mayhem Projection Goggles  Old 
Powerheal 9000 Lens  Old 
Primal-Attuned Goggles  Old 
Quad Deathblow X44 Goggles  Old 
Surestrike Goggles v3.0  Old 
Wonderheal XT68 Shades  Old 

Jewelcrafting
Jewelcrafting items material requirements remain unchanged. 
Hard Khorium Choker  
Hard Khorium Band 
Loop of Forged Power 
Pendant of Sunfire 
Amulet of Flowing Life 
Ring of Flowing Life 


Undocumented class changes
This is based on the game files and it still needs to be confirmed once the servers are online, but it should be correct. 
 Druid
Nurturing Instinct now increases your healing spells by 50%/100% Rank 1/2 of your agility instead of your strength.

 Mage
Blink now costs 224 Mana.
Improved Blink
New - For 2/4 Rank 1/2 seconds after casting Blink, your chance to be hit by all attacks and spells is reduced by 25%.
Old - Reduces the mana cost of your Blink spell by -25%/50% Rank 1/2.
Icy Veins
New - Hastens your spellcasting, increasing spell casting speed by 20% and gives you 100% chance to avoid interruption caused by damage while casting. Lasts 20 seconds.
Old - Hastens your spellcasting, increasing spell casting speed by 20% and increases the chance your chilling effects will Freeze the target by 10%. Lasts 20 seconds.

 Shaman
Shamanistic Rage is no longer a magic ability and cannot be purged or mass dispelled in any way.

 Warlock
Lifetap
Lifetap now converts a % of your base health and mana. Screenshot 

Emberstorm Rank 1 Increases the damage done by your Fire spells by 2%, and reduces the cast time of your Incinerate spell by 2%.
Emberstorm Rank 2 Increases the damage done by your Fire spells by 4%, and reduces the cast time of your Incinerate spell by 4%.
Emberstorm Rank 3 Increases the damage done by your Fire spells by 6%, and reduces the cast time of your Incinerate spell by 6%.
Emberstorm Rank 4 Increases the damage done by your Fire spells by 8%, and reduces the cast time of your Incinerate spell by 8%.
Emberstorm Rank 5 Increases the damage done by your Fire spells by 10%, and reduces the cast time of your Incinerate spell by 10%.


Scaling issues
All creaturing scaling is broken in the current build. We decided to push it anyway since it was mostly cosmetic. There might be some issues with hit-boxes and animations but we wanted testing over the weekend with updated data and rather than wait three days, we pushed it with the bug live. Hey, it's the PTR =P

For a good laugh, summon your "Peanut" or "Egbert" pet if you have one =P


 