Boubouille2007-10-07, 06:25 AMOld arena titles wiped
Drysc explains why the old arena titles are being "removed" from characters. 

It was announced before season 1.

I don't; however, believe that it was communicated as consistently as could have been possible. It has been posted multiple times, before season 1, and after, but if you were unaware then I apologize. It has been the intention the entire time to only allow the titles to be shown for the season after they're earned.

I think as other information on how the seasons, teams, and actual arena formats and rankings were going to work were the more pertinent pieces of information who cares what happens in six months!?, it was generally glossed over.

You're able to display your performance from the previous season, so that when a player sees you they can have some recognition of your achievement. This doesn't transfer from season to season as we want players to be able to advance in the arenas, gain ranks, and ultimately improve themselves and then show that to others through the title.

Season 1 gear available at the beginning of Season 3
Reasonable to one person could be unreasonable to another. The honor system and arena system are fundamentally different, and their investment comparisons are offset by any number of factors. Capped out in honor points should allow you to get two or three pieces I believe.

The battleground daily quests, and additional bonus honor being given for each battleground come 2.3 should definitely help.

When season 3 begins. Patch 2.3 will be patching in the season 3 rewards, but may not mark the actual start of the season. We'll let everyone know at least a couple weeks before it's scheduled to start.

Brewfest extension impossible
Basically, they can't make the brewfest lasts longer because Hallow's End is starting on October 18th, and I'm sure you all want the [Shiny shiny epics from the Headless Horseman] 
We cannot extend it a few days in this case due to Hallow's End. That is not an option.

You can still get a ram if you start Brewfest this instant and average 7 keg turn-ins a day. Once a day, 15-20 minutes of play a day, until the 16th. That is not a significant amount of time. Remember that we buffed ticket rewards from the dailies when the Dark Iron attack was removed.

No brewfest tabard
I don't think a lot of you were waiting for a brewfest tabard, but it's interesting to see how these things work, and how we might get "new" tabard in the future.
If you'll notice, all tabard textures are symmetrical. It's just how they work. The Brewfest logo/icon/design is not. It would require completely new tabard tech to use the Brewfest icon. Hopefully that's something we can do in the future, allow a tabard texture to not be mirrored down the middle, but at current that's the limitation for how they're textured.

2.3 Unofficial patch notes updated
The 2.3 tag at the beginning of each news make this kind of thing easier, so here is the fifth and pink ! update of the unofficial 2.3 notes. This pretty much includes all the 2.3 related news this week Season 3, AV, and a few classes changes and also the addition of known loots from Blizzcon to the Zul'aman part. As usual the new/updated entries are moved on top of the category.
General
5 A new caster meta gem will be added, maybe similar to the Relentless Earthstorm Diamond but with caster stats. Source 
5 The 33% spell damage bonus on +healing affects enchants, gems, and all the other items, however it doesn't include temporary buffs, some BC leveling greens with "of the..." stats, and some Zul'Gurub items. Source 
4 Escape Artist has now a 1:45 minutes cooldown.
4 All Disarm immunity effects in the game were changed to 50% disarm duration reduction non stacking.
3 Auction's duration have been changed to 12, 24 or 48 hours. Also deposit prices for all duration will be the same. 
3 You can now ctrl+click recipes to get a preview of the crafted item in the dressing room.
3 All items of the auction house will be sorted server side, basically it means that when you'll try to sort a particular item by price, it will sort it through all page, not only the current one.
Healing Reduction effects now affect all Drain spells and abilities i.e. Mortal Strike will affect Drain Life Source 
Level 20-60 Quest EXP has been increased, while EXP to Level has been decreased Source 
Guild Banks are being added to the game. Source 
New relics are added to support all talent trees in patch 2.3 for Shaman, Paladins and Druids. Most of the arena-system existing Relics have been renamed to create a more consistent naming convention Source 
+Healing bonus will give 33% of spell damage as well 1500 Healing bonus will give you 500 Spell damage Source 



Raids & Dungeons
3 New daily quests are available in the Lower City for 5 man heroic and non-heroic dungeons Once at a time, a bit like battlegroundw weekends, each day you will get quests for a different dungeons. The following non-heroic dungeons are concerned : Shattered Halls, Steamvault, Shadow Labyrinth, Black Morass, Botanica, Mechanar, and Arcatraz. All dungeons will get quests in Heroic mode. If you're getting the non-heroic and the heroic quest on the same day for the same dungeon, you can complete both by running it in heroic mode once. Non heroic quests will reward you with a Ethereum Prison Key various reputation, gold, and reputation with the Consortium. Heroic quests will give you 2 Badges of Justice, gold, and reputation with the Consortium.
2 Mobs inside Sethekk Halls will now continue to award Lower City reputation all the way into Exalted. Previously they stopped giving reputation in non-heroic mode just before players hit revered.
2 The number of creatures that must be killed in the Karazhan Servants Quarters area before a miniboss spawns has been reduced.
New Title - Champion of the Naaru: Awarded to those who complete the Tempest Keep attunement quest at level 70. Won't be available anymore at lvl 80 Source 
Heroic Badges drop from Zul'aman and Karazhan bosses.
The amount of items available from the Heroic Badges vendor has been considerably increased. 
New 10-Man Raid - Zul'Aman!



Zul'aman
Loots preview : [item=35000], [item=35001], [item=35002]. 
Zul'Aman will be a 10-person raid zone
Zul'Aman will be on a quicker reset than 7 days some might call this "casual"
Zul'Aman will be MORE difficult than Karazhan and drop better loot some might call this hardcore
Zul'Aman will feature 6 bosses and it's our goal that you can kill them all in one night -- perhaps 2-3 hour clear times some might call this casual
Zul'Aman will not have a key requirement. Nor will it have an attunement quest\ some might call this casual
Zul'Aman will have a VERY challenging timed quest for those who choose to participate in it. This *will be* hardcore and will be very rewarding. Players do not have to engage in the timed run very similar to the Baron run in Stratholme
We're tuning the first boss in Zul'Aman to require less raid coordination than some other raid bosses. He will still hit very hard so you'll need to be geared properly but it won't take 15 minutes to explain the fight. It will be a simple yet challenging fight. The other boss fights get more complex and challenging from there. If players want a basis of comparison, imagine the tuning of ZA started around Nightbane/Prince difficulty and ramped up from there.



Factions
5 The Cenarion Expedition flying mount is an Hyppogryph. Source 
3 You can buy now buy Super Mana and Health Potions from Ogri'la quartermaster. They're usable everywhere and costs 50 Apexis Shard.
3 New Flying Mount added. Requires 2,000g and Exalted with Cenarion Expedition. 280% Speed Source  



PvP
4 New healing wand for Season 3 Arena.
4 New Melee PvP Cloak added to the game: 34 Stamina, 20 Crit, 20 Resilience, 46 Attack Power, 112 Armor Penetration.
4 New Caster PvP Cloak added to the game: 34 Stamina, 15 Intellect, 16 Spell Crit, 23 Resilience, +27 Spell Damage/Heal.
4 New Healer PvP Cloak added to the game: 34 Stamina, 15 Intellect, 6 mana/5sec, 23 resilience, +51 healing +17 spell dmg.
4 Vengeful Gladiator's Waraxe added to the game: 62 Stamina, 46 Crit, 33 Resilience, 15 Hit rating, 92 Attack Power, 98 Armor Penetration. Waraxe Cost: 1000 arena points no rating requirement.
3 New battleground rewards are available : boots, belts, and bracers. Source 
1 New daily quests for battlegrounds have been added, they're dedicated to one specific battleground each day, are available to players of all levels, and reward experience, gold, and honor Source 
2 Spells now cast for free before a Battleground begins
2 Spells now cast for free for 5 seconds after resurrecting at a Spirit Healer in Battlegrounds
2 Additional Honor is rewarded upon conclusion of Warsong Gulch, Arathi Basin, and Eye of the Storm 
Season 1 arena gear will be available from honor points vendor when the season 3 starts.



[size=3] Alterac Valley
5 Each team will have a starting reinforcement count. Reinforcements can be lost in significant amounts if a tower is destroyed or if Captain Galvangar or Belinda Stonehearth is killed. For each team member death, an additional reinforcement will be lost. On the death of General Drek’Thar or Vanndar Stormpike, all reinforcements are lost and the team is defeated. At any point in time, if a team is reduced to zero reinforcements, the opposing team will win the battle. Defending your own teammates, towers, and key NPCs will be an important aspect of maintaining team resources and achieving victory in Alterac Valley.
5 Warlords and their general will be more closely linked in the next patch. Pulling one is a guarantee the other will come as well. Each team begins with four Warmasters. Destroying a tower will eliminate the associated Warmaster. Unlike the current game play, however, destroying the enemy tower will not add a Warmaster to your own side.
5 We will be changing the pace of the battle slightly with a reduction in the time needed to control a tower or graveyard. Where it currently takes five minutes to gain control, the time will be reduced to four minutes. The honor for capturing a tower will also be increased.
5 Currently, players can sometimes be sent to their starting tunnels far from the battlefront. This can often be an inconvenient location to respawn and more out of the way from the action than we would like, to correct this, players will instead respawn at a team-controlled graveyard. Should the team not have a graveyard under their control, they will respawn in the starting tunnel.
5 Players will only be awarded bonus honor during the battle for destroying enemy towers and slaying the enemy Captain. Once the battle is concluded, bonus honor will be awarded for intact towers, a surviving Captain, and for victory in battle. The bonus honor awarded should be similar to previous totals, but will reward players for taking more active roles in Alterac Valley toward defending or attacking key locations and NPCs.
5 We have reduced the number of elite NPCs in Stormpike and Frostwolf holds as well as sent all Commanders and Lieutenants out of Alterac Valley.



Arena Season 3
5 Season 3 weapons will have new arts, but no new models, they will be recolored raid weapons. Source 
5 The players with titles from season 1 will have them removed and the titles will be redistributed to the people who win them at the completion of season 2. Source 
5 The Armored Netherdrake awarded to Season 2 top teams will have a different color than the one from Season 1. Source 
4 You will need 1850 Team and Personal rating to buy weapons.
4 You will need 2000 Team and Personal rating to buy shoulders.
4 All items in the gladiator season 1, 2, and 3 sets will be part of the same set, so you can use those items interchangably and keep the set bonuses
4 Many of the Arena Sets bonuses have been updated.




Mages
5 New spell : Ritual of Refreshment. It will allow players to pick up their own stack of food/water, similar to a Soulwell. Ritual of Refreshment gives Manabiscuits, which restore 7500 health and 7200 mana over 30 seconds. Source 
2 Detect Magic removed. All players may now see their target's beneficial effects at all times
2 Frost Ward and Fire Ward now gain additional benefit from +Dmg
2 Frost Ward and Fire Ward Ranks 5, 6 have had their base absorb lowered 
Damage coefficient reduction is removed from Improved Fireball/Frostbolt. Source 
Evocation restores 15% of your total mana every 2 seconds instead of being a spirit-based mana regen increase. Source 
Arcane Meditation is being increased to 10/20/30% mana regeneration. Source 
Ice Barrier gains additional benefit from spell damage bonuses. However, the base absorb values of ranks 5 and 6 have been reduced. Source 



Shamans
2 Item - Tidefury Raiment now grants additional mana to Water Shield
2 Item - Totem of the Thunderhead now grants additional mana to Water Shield
2 New Talent - Shamanistic Focus: After landing a melee critical strike, you enter a focused state. The focused state reduces the mana cost of your next Shock spell by 60% 
New Talent replacing the 2 Handed weapons one - Elemental Focus: Puts you in a "focused state" after landing a melee critical strike, reducing the mana cost of your next Shock spell by 60% Source 
All shaman can equip 2-Handed Axes and 2-Handed Maces without spending talent points. Source 
Frost shock is no longer subject to diminishing returns. Source 
Shamanistic rage also reduces all damages taken by 30% for the duration of the ability 30 seconds in addition to its current effect. Source 
Spirit weapons reduces melee threat by 30% instead of 15%. Source 
Mental Quickness adds 10/20/30% to spell damage and healing bonuses based on your total Attack Power in addition to it's current effects. Source 
Lightning Overload now has a 4/8/12/16/20% chance to proc Source 
Lightning Overload damage has been decreased by 50% Source 
Lightning Overload now causes 0 threat Source 
Lightning Mastery reduced to .1/.2/.3/.4/.5 seconds Source 
Mana Spring Totem now restores mana at a rate of 20 mana every 2 seconds Source 
Water Shield now costs 0 mana to cast, and the mana per globe has been substantially increased Source 
Water Shield's duration has been reduced to 1 minute, and grants mana for each globe left upon ending Source 
Elemental Focus will now reduce the mana cost of your next two damage spells by 40% Source 
Lightning Bolt casting time reduced to 2.5 seconds, and mana cost decreased Source 
Chain Lightning casting time reduced to 2 seconds, and mana cost decreased Source 



Druids
5 Items that grant attack power in Cat, Bear, Dire Bear, and Moonkin forms will get increased attack power. Source 
5 A feral-focused set will be available in season 3. It won't have +healing on it and will be focused on feral statistics. Source 
1 Many new macro inputs as well as druid 'cancelform' becoming an instant like 'dismount'. Source 
Cure Poison and Abolish Poison may now be cast in Tree of Life form Source 
Remove Curse may now be cast in Moonkin form Source 
Rebirth cooldown reduced to 20 minutes Source 
Intensity increased to 10/20/30% mana regeneration. Source 



Warlocks
2 Banish may no longer be cast on targets tapped by other players 
Ritual of Souls has had it's casting time significantly reduced. Source 
Healing Reduction effects now affect all Drain spells and abilities i.e. Mortal Strike will affect Drain Life Source 



Warriors
5 Improved Berserker Stance provide threat reduction by 2/4/6/8/10% while in Berserker Stance. Source 
5 Weapon Mastery has been changed to reduce the duration of Disarm effects by 25/50% Source 
Mace Specialization proc has been reduced Source 
Mace Specialization Rage increased to 7 instead of 6 Source 
Tactical Mastery now greatly increases threat from Mortal Strike and Bloodthirst while in Defensive Stance Source 
Devastate now combines the effects of Sunder Armor into it's effect, and is affected by all talents and items that affect Sunder Armor Source 



Priests
4 Elune's Grace Night Elf Priest Racialeffect changed to reduce chance to be hit by melee and ranged attacksby 20% for 15 seconds. There is now only 1 rank of the spell.
4 Power Word: Fortitude, Divine Spirit, Prayer of Fortitude and Prayer of Spirit will have their mana costs reduced. 
1 New Dwarf/Draenei ability - Chastise: Causes Holy damage and incapacitates target for 2 seconds Source 
1 Fear Ward will now be available to all Priests at level 20 Source 
1 Fear Ward duration reduced to 3 minutes, and cooldown increased to 3 minutes Source 
Power Word: Shield gains additional benefit from spell damage and healing bonuses. However the base absorb values for ranks 10, 11, and 12 have been reduced. Source 
Pain Suppression is castable on a friendly target, it reduces the target's threat by 5% and reduce the damage it takes by 40%. Source 
Pain Suppression cooldown is reduced to 2 minutes. Source 
Meditation is increased to 10%/20%/30% Mana regeneration. Source 
Prayer of Healing, Circle of Healing and Holy Nova healing effect gain additional benefit from damage and healing bonuses. Source 
Circle of Healing base amount of healing is reduced, but it gets more bonus from +healing effects. If you have more than +1338 healing you will see it heal for more. Source 



Paladins
2 Vindication Retribution frequency and duration increased and now reduces all attributes by 5/10/15%, not just Strength and Agility.
2 Pursuit of Justice Retribution is now 3 ranks and increases movement speed by 5/10/15% and also reduces the chance you'll be hit by spells by 1/2/3%. 
Exorcism's mana cost has been lowered Source 
Holy Wrath's mana cost has been lowered Source 
Hammer of Wrath's mana cost has been lowered Source 
Vengeance has been increased to 30 seconds Source 
Improved Seal of the Crusader effect added to base abilitiy Source 
Improved Seal of the Crusader now gives the effects of Sanctified Crusader Source 
New Talent - Sanctified Seals replacing Sanctified Crusader: Increases your chance to critically hit with all spells and melee by 1/2/3%, and reduces the chance your Seals can be dispelled by 33/66/100% Source 
Crusader Strike cooldown is being lowered to 6 seconds. Source 



Rogues
2 Poisons now enchant weapons for 1 hour
Fleet Footed increased to 15% speed increase 
Deadly Throw traveling speed is being increased significantly, it will reach your target faster and the snare will last one second longer. Source 
Ruthlessness won't be triggered by Deadly Throw anymore, and Ruthlessness will be changed to only affect melee finishing moves as a whole. Source 
Blind no longer requires a reagent, is changed to a physical attack, will share the same diminish category as cyclone, and will diminish in PvE as well as PvP. Source 
Shadowstep can be used at any time even when you're not stealthed. After the use of Shadowstep threat caused by the next Ambush, Garrote, or Backstab will be reduced by 50%. The cooldown will be increased to 40 seconds. Source 
Dirty Deeds increases the damage of special attacks by 10%/20% against targets that are below 35% health in addition to its current effect. Source 



Hunters
2 Trueshot Aura Marksmanship no longer costs mana to cast and will last until cancelled.
2 Serpent Sting, Immolation Trap and Explosive Trap now all gain additional damage based on 10% of your ranged attack power.
2 Wyvern Sting Survival is now instant cast and has a maximum duration of 10 seconds in PvP.
1 20 and 24 Slots ammo pouches have been added Source 
Arcane Shot Rank 6+ will now dispel 1 Magic effect in addition to damage Source 



Engineering
5 The Engineering Flying mount plans will be available from trainers and the materials to build the epic flying mount shouldn't cost more than 500 gold in materials. You still need the mega-expensive riding skill obviously
4 Flying Mount added for Engineers. Regular and Epic version. It will not require any Nether Vortex. Source 
4 New Field Repair Bot will repair, buy, sell, like a normal repair bot, but it will also sell all reagents, level 65 arrows and bullets, poison reagents, few types of vials, up to 2 super mana/healing potions, and maybe some scrolls. These are all for sale, with no rep discount, because he’s a robot. Source 
New Plans - Field Repair Bot: Dropped by Gan'arg Analyzers in Blade's Edge Mountains. Source 




Enchanting
2 Duration of Wizard and Mana oils has been increased



Fishing
Fish nodes Tracking may be learned from a journal fished from crates Source 
New fish added near Karazhan and Zul'Aman Source http://



Cooking
New Daily Quests Source http://
New recipes added for fish found near Karazhan and Zul'Aman. Source http://



Interface
1 Mailboxes are upgraded to handle up to 12 items per mail. Source 
1 Auction House scanning will receive its own API letting you scan the whole AH every 15 minutes with any addon. Source 
1 Many new macro inputs as well as druid 'cancelform' becoming an instant like 'dismount'. Source 