Boubouille2007-09-07, 03:50 AMModel changes in 2.2
You can't really miss it, it's everywhere, the scale of some models is changed in 2.2. The most obvious one is the orc shoulders switched back to a "normal" size, but a few other races were changed. Basically, Orcs get bigger shields and shoulders, Draeneis slightly smaller shoulders, but our great winners are ... Night Elves ! They now have slightly barely noticeable smaller shoulders, and their weapons and shields are also smaller. You can compare with the screenshots below.


     
     

2.2 Release date
Hortus made an interesting addition to his post concerning multiple patches on the PTR during the upcoming weeks. It seems that we could get the 2.2 sooner than what we expected last week after all. 

As we are approaching the final stages of 2.2 testing there shouldn't be as many patches coming in.

Source 

Evocation changes in 2.2
Hortus made a few precisions about power regeneration through skills like Evocation and Innervate in 2.2. Even if it's pretty clear in the patch notes  I guess it might be useful to some people.

The change in evocation should not increase the amount of mana you gain, it only prevents an occasional timing issue where players were getting less mana then they should.

Source 

Woodworking
I think I've already heard this somewhere, but I'm not sure if I posted about it before and it's the first blue post confirmation anyway. Woodworking won't be released for WotLK and you're free to contribute in the post with tons of new ideas to make hunters happy.

Your post makes it seem like woodworking is imminent. : It's definitely in consideration for the future, but for Wrath of the Lich King, we are focusing on Inscription as the next new profession. 

More on what woodworking could possibly hold would have to be all based on wishful thinking and conjecture.

Source / discussion post 

Protection paladins
There is also a huge compilation of all problems related to prot paladins on the official forums. The following blue post is only a small part of what's been said in this post and I suggest that you read it if you're looking to tank things. Keep in mind that itemizations changes might be available before the Zul'aman patch, new items like the paladin arena shields and the [Illidari Runeshield]  will be available in 2.2.

I thought I did already, but I will try to be more clear. Nothing has been 'shelved' and problems are being addressed, however it may take some time... Last thing I heard was that some of the issues with itemization in particular will be addressed in the future Zul'Aman patch, however since I am not entirely sure about that, I will try to dig up some more info on that. 

Paladin Tanks are supposed to be a fully viable option to bring along to raids, so if there are too many shortcomings preventing that, then of course those things need to be addressed... Again I must clarify that it may take some time, but this should not discourage you from posting your concerns and suggestions :-

Source / discussion post 