Boubouille2007-12-02, 07:00 AMDreamhack results
The tournament tree have been updated with final results in previous news, you can also find it on PvPScene.com  if you don't want to scroll down.


-----------------------

Armory Updates
The US  Armory has been updated to reflect the additions and changes of Arena Season 3. Here is a rundown of the new content.
New Personal Arena Ratings appear in Character and Team Profiles. A given character can have up to three Personal Arena Ratings at one time – one for each team type. Personal ratings are used as the new basis of eligibility for certain Arena rewards Season 3 shoulders and weapons, and end-of-season prizes such as special titles.
The full set of Season 3 Arena rewards, consisting of the Vengeful Gladiator armor sets and weapons, are now in the Item Database.
The full set of Vindicator’s honor rewards are now in the Item Database. These epic rewards are purchased with honor points and battleground Marks of Honor.
The special Season 2 titles awarded to the top tier Arena teams should appear in Character Profiles if selected in-game.
Season 2’s Hall of Fame: This archive commemorating the top teams of Season 2 should appear on the Armory soon.


-----------------------

WoW translated in Russian soon ?
Nothing is official yet, but the announcement is probably close. A few weeks ago Blizzard started posting offers for jobs of russian localization on their European Job Application site  For the moment the jobs available are :
Localization/QA Lead, Russian 
QA/Game Tester, Russian 
Translator, Russian 
Community Representative, Russian 
Lead Game Master, Russian 
Customer and Billing Support, Russian 
Customer and Technical Support, Russian 
Web Editorialist, Russian 



This definitely look like a full ingame / out of game team is getting ready. Of course there are a lot more languages on the teaser page  than the ones currently available in game danish, italian, swedish, etc ... but this is the only one getting a dev team. 


 

Again, nothing is official yet but if they do plan to launch WoW in Russia it will probably happen soon. Before the expansion ?


-----------------------

New IRC Feature : RSS Bot
The WowBot on 
#mmo-champion on irc.quakenet.org irc://irc.quakenet.org/mmo-champion has been upgraded with a RSS feed parser. Updates on various sites will be announced in the channel, for the moment only WoWBlues  updates are announced but more sites will be added very soon depending on people's requests.