Boubouille2007-09-01, 06:29 AMAlterac Valley
Drysc posted about the upcoming changes in Alterac Valley.

There are quite a few changes coming, all of which we hope will culminate into making players want to participate, and ultimately win the battleground.

Obviously as most people know we have the anti-afk reporting measure, by which you can right click on someone in the battleground and mark them as AFK. With enough reports they receive a debuff that keeps them from earning honor in that battleground, and only by entering combat can they remove that debuff. It's going to help, but it's certainly not enough on its own.

Other things we're doing are changing or pulling out NPCs in key locations to help even out the balance of time and effort each side has to take to push through. As well as some minor changes to locations that people find are easily exploited to advance faster.

We're shifting some of the honor from the earlier NPCs, that help make AFKing so lucrative, to the end of the battleground and more for actually winning.

The graveyard spawning is being changed so that players aren't sent back to the cave unless there is nowhere else to spawn, which should help encourage horde to play a bit more defense if they're being beaten back.

And we're also correcting the ... I think Jeff referred to them as "creative pulling mechanics" with the general's.

Everything together, we feel, should help encourage players to participate, while also improving overall balance.

Source 


Low-population realms
Blizzard is stuck with a few empty realms. They're searching for new way to fill them, and it seems that they're considering realm merging.

We're certainly looking at additional means to help realms that have lower populations.

There are a couple issues with merging realms though that we would need to take into heavy consideration if one were to be considered. As many of the lower population realms are PvP, faction balance has to be taken into careful consideration. Would a merge worsen, improve, or leave any faction balance unchanged? Would a merge move the population up too high, queuing or leading to queues for the realm after that point? Do we have realms of the same time zone and type that would merge well under these conditions? There also many logistical issues with merges which ultimately effect the end user, such as conflicting character and guild names. So, in the end, a merge would only be considered if all other possible options have been completely exhausted.

We're not just throwing recommended tags up on realms, and calling it a day. The recommended tag has done a lot of good for a lot of realms, but if we're seeing that they're no longer helping reach the type of population numbers we would like to see, then we would investigate alternate means. That's sort of where we're at now.

Source 


Recruitment forums
Yes, they're here, you can stop posting on other forums. For the moment the posts are still advertised in the "Latest posts" frame at the top of the homepage, but there are really too many of them i'll probably deactivate it.

Guild Recruitment - US PvP Servers
Guild Recruitment - US PvE Servers
Guild Recruitment - EU-English PvP Servers
Guild Recruitment - EU-English PvE Servers
Guild Recruitment - EU-German PvP Servers
Guild Recruitment - EU-German PvE Servers
Guild Recruitment - EU-French PvP Servers
Guild Recruitment - EU-French PvE Servers