Boubouille2008-04-26, 01:05 PMMost of the new things from Patch 2.4.2 are covered now we do have a few things left for Monday though, it's time to take care of all the things we missed during the last few days !

Patch 2.4.2 : Zhevra Mount & Mace Recolor
Most of the time when a new patch is released, a few item recolors are added to the game. These recolors are here if devs need a "fast" way to add an item and just want to use a different color of an existing model and actually it doesn't happen very often if you compare it to the amount of recolors available. Two additional "sets" of colors have been added with the 2.4.2 : One for the new "Zhevra mount" and another one for one of the 2H Mace model already available in the game files. Thanks to endarion for the work he did on these screenshots !

As usual, we don't even know if these new colors will be used in the game at some point and actually we're not even sure if the Zhevra Mount will be here, but it's still fun to check them. 


   


Blue posts
During the last few days I didn't report any blue post because of all the 2.4.2 updates, even if there wasn't anything really important you might find a few of them interesting.

Death Knight starting level
We haven't completely finalized a number, but we plan to have them start at a level lower than 70. We didn't have Draenei or Blood Elves start at a higher level when they first entered the game so we are aiming to make this Hero Class at a good level to learn abilities but also get to Northrend a little faster. I understand that it may not be your favorite part, but leveling is part of the game, especially when creating a new character. The extra boost in leveling should help introduce the epic-ness is that a word? of the first Hero Class and give people more of a chance to try it out. While they may be a little behind in leveling, Deathknights will find their way into raid groups too, just like Shaman and Paladins did for the Alliance and Horde when they were first introduced. Source 

Hunter Pet Growl Change
Growl was scaling incorrectly before so it's been changed to scale with the hunter's AP starting at around 1200 AP. Other pet abilities such as bite, claw, etc will still scale with pet AP. Source 

Arena Tournament : Penalty for adding players to a team
With phase 2 beginning today, records have been reset and there is a penalty for adding players to a team. The practice phase has ended and now the fighting matters. You can still create a new team, you'll just have to earn the point penalties back, so good luck in your matches if that's the case! When phase 3 begins the teams will be locked and no changes allowed. Source 

Will there be a new currency system in WotLK ? Something with a higher value than gold ?
We do watch the economy of the game but we don't have any plans of changing the current setup right now. Source 


Season 4 and Tournament Phase 2 posts
First, we've got a post from Drysc to explains which items are going to be available once the season 4 is here.
Yes, the Season 3 honor items will still be available for purchase without a rating requirement after Season 4 starts.

There will be two sets of "non-set" items once Season 4 begins. The Season 4 honor items boot/belt/bracer/etc some of which will require a rating, and the Season 3 items boot/belt/bracer/etc which still won't require any rating.

Just to sum up, when Season 4 begins:

Season 1 honor set: Removed

Season 2 arena set: Moved to honor, no rating requirement

Season 3 non-set honor items: Staying
Season 3 arena set: Arena rating and cost requirements lowered

Season 4 non-set honor items: Added with rating requirement
Season 4 arena set: Added to Arena with increased rating requirement
Drysc also explains the changes behind the rating requirements added to honor items.
The non-set items are there to fill out the arena sets, they're essentially placed there specifically so that arena players have a reason to participate in other aspects of the game. We want to see their faces around, we don't want them just standing on top of the battlemasters all day.

So, with them being arena items intended to fill out the current top-end arena set, and our increase to rating requirements all around, it's actually very logical.
And if you didn't know yet, the Arena Tournament Phase 2 has begun !
2008 World of Warcraft Arena Tournament Phase 2 Has Begun

Phase 2 of the 2008 World of Warcraft Arena Tournament’s first qualification round has begun. Tournament participants have had ample time during the practice phase to hone their strategies, try various team compositions, and gain experience playing with their team. It’s now time for the real games to begin!

To track the progress of your team and competition, please visit the World of Warcraft Armory and select the Coliseum 1 battlegroup.
 

If you haven’t signed up yet, registration for the First Qualification Round is still possible until May 6, 2008!

For more information on the tournament please visit our Arena Tournament information page. Good luck to all competitors!
 


New Fan Arts / Wallpaper
Here is a bunch of fan arts and a wallpaper posted on the official site during the last few days.


   
     