Boubouille2008-02-04, 06:05 PMThe Under Development  page on the official website has been updated. We already heard about what's posted here and they're in the compilation below  on the homepage, but I think that's the first time they talk about three new features in bold

Sunwell Isle - A new area located north of Silvermoon City
Sunwell Plateau - A high-level 25-player instance featuring six bosses
Magister's Terrace - A high-level 5-player instance
New Reputation - The Shattered Sun Offensive is Shattrath City's answer to Kael'thas's operations in the Sunwell; it is comprised of the combined forces of the Aldor and the Scryers, led by the naaru.
New Daily Quests and Interactive Quest Hub



UI Improvements
New combat log features and customization



Quest Improvements
New daily fishing quest
Maximum daily quests per day increased to 25
[b] New repeatable Battleground quests



Item Improvements
New Heroic badge rewards
Some PvP rewards now obtainable through PvE content



Caverns of Time
New teleportation portal to the Caverns of Time accessible through reputation with Keepers of Time





Alterac Valley Improvements
Alterac Valley will see a few very significant improvements in the next patch and we wanted to share the details of what we have planned.

The first change will be to move the Horde's starting tunnel back to a more equal distance from the first objectives, which will help evenly distance the starting points for each side across the terrain when the battle commences.

In addition, the General and Warmasters for each faction will receive a stacking buff from each other that boosts their health and damage. The more of them that are still in the battleground, the more dangerous they will all be. This will put a greater focus on destroying and defending! the towers that remove the Warmasters as players work toward defeating the appropriate General and conquering the land.

Also Balinda Stonehearth has been studying her spellbooks to become a more challenging opponent to the Horde and will do more damage with her spells. The additional health we recently added to Balinda and General Vanndar Stormpike will no longer be needed with these improvements and will be changed back to their previous amounts with the patch.

With these improvements teamwork and strategy will be more important than ever from beginning to end as the Alliance and Horde battle for victory in Alterac Valley. We'll see you on the battlefield.