Boubouille2008-01-30, 07:17 AMNothing about the 2.4 yesterday, sorry, we're pretty much at the same point with a very few interesting blue posts to read and a lot of time left to spam the F5 key on the official site to see if it gets updated. 

2.4 Notes - when it's done
This is your daily dose of 2.4 non-information, Blizzard is working on it but you won't know anything about it until the release.
I think people would get tired of hearing "not today" and start asking "when?" Then I'd have to answer with "soon" and it would just go on from there.

Things are in the works, the cogs are moving, and we'll get there.


Season 2 Gear available for honor
For the moment, Blizzard still plan to make the season 2 gear available for honor once the season 4 has started. They also plan to simply remove the season 1 gear and if you've got way too many honor points and like collecting things, you might want to buy it now. 
Q: With the launch of Season 3 for arena's, Season 1 gear became available for honor. My question is - when Season 4 starts, will Season 2 gear be available ... [for honor?]
A: That's the plan Stan. Subject to change

It means that Season 1 gear will no longer be available. Season 2 will take its place on the honor vendors for the same price that Season 1 gear is now.
A: This is, also, the plan... Stan. Also not set in stone at the moment, but that's been the idea from the start. New season sets cycle in, the old ones are sloughed off.


Warsong Gulch modifications
Some of the matches played in Warsong Gulch are ridiculously long, and aren't really fun. Blizzard agrees and will try to change it in the future.
We agree, and while it's nothing we could discuss now in any detail, there have been some different ideas tossed around and tested internally that would attempt to address those same concerns. Given that, these aren't changes that are likely to surface soon.


European realms - Recent latency
Thundgot posted another post on official forums about the high latency affecting some realms, especially in battlegrounds.
Over the last few weeks, different issues have caused latency on some of our realms and cross-realm Battlegrounds CRBGs, especially the Blackout, Bloodlust and Cataclysme Battlegroups. While most of the issues have already been resolved through our work with our service provider partners, we are aware that some latency issues are still affecting these Battlegroups, and to a lesser degree some other Battlegroups.

We have implemented a workaround to alleviate some of the CRBG latency at peak hours and are working diligently on a permanent solution. We will update you on the matter as soon as we have new information available.


What is your favorite 5 person dungeon from The Burning Crusade?
There is a poll running on european forums asking players about their favorite 5-man instance. Caverns of Time instances are winning the poll by far, with respectively 42.05% and 19.51% for the Old Hillsbrad Foothills and The Black Morass, it's also interesting to see what are the instances that absolutely nobody wants to play like the Auchenai Crypts. 
It could be the atmosphere, the story, the challenge or the loot itself, but no matter what everybody has a favourite dungeon. Of the 5 person dungeons released in The Burning Crusade what is your favourite?

Favorite instance
1. CoT: Old Hillsbrad Foothills 42,05%
2. CoT: The Black Morass 19,51%
3. Hellfire Citadel: The Shattered Halls 6,34%
4. Auchindoun: Shadow Labyrinth 5,27%
5. Hellfire Citadel: Hellfire Ramparts 5,17%

Least favorite instance
1. Auchindoun: Auchenai Crypts 0,49%
2. Auchindoun: Sethekk Halls 1,07%
3. Auchindoun: Mana-Tombs 1,46%
4. Coilfang Reservoir: The Slave Pens 1,46%
5. Hellfire Citadel: The Blood Furnace 2,05%


New Wallpaper - Barkskin
We just added a new wallpaper to our World of Warcraft wallpapers section. This wallpaper features some amazing artwork from the World of Warcraft Trading Card Game. Head over to the Upper Deck Entertainment website now to learn more about the game, see more art, or even download some demo decks:
 

This new wallpaper features a mysterious night elf druid, poised for the strike. The artwork is taken from the Barkskin card, a card which is used to prevent ability, ally, and equipment cards from being interrupted.
Wallpapers:  


 


800x600 
1024x768 
1152x864 
1280x1024 
1600x1200 
1680x1050 
1920x1200 