Boubouille2007-08-03, 07:16 PMUpdate : 5vs5 Arena Tournament Results are up on PvPScene.com 

External Links
Wrath of the Lich King Trailer on Rapidshare.com 
Trailer on Youtube 
Expansion Panel on WoWInsider.com  Tons of pictures !
Class Panel on WoWInsider.com 
Dungeon & Raid Panel on WoWInsider.com 



World
Dalaran will be moved and hover above Northrend. It will be used as a neutral capital city.
There are more daily quests coming in the next patch-- a dungeon daily quest, a battleground daily quest, and a cooking daily quest.



Instances
A new 25 man dungeon is scheduled for release after Zul'aman, it will have 6 bosses with loots higher than tier 6. Another 5-man instance is also considered. This will be before the expansion
There will be a new CoT instance in the expansion.



Items
Heroic badge loot will be added to the game with Zul'Aman



Are we going to have to buy new flying mounts again? 
Laughter. You'll not "have" to buy a new flying mount, but we'll have new options available.

Will green items in Northrend be better than Tier 4? 
Yes, we do expect to see the same kind of progression. We were happy overall with the way it worked. If you're decked out in Illidan gear or the new raid zone that I can't mention just yet that will be out before the expansion !, that gear will last you a while. But players like upgrades early and often.

PvP
New Battleground
Siege vehicles that you can drive around
15 People in each team
30~40 minutes long games.



New Arena Season
New Season
New Arena
New Gear


There will also be a new Outdoor non-instanced world PVP Zone with impact on the whole world. Even for PVE Servers

Hero Classes
Hero Classes won't be released all at once because of balancing issues. They're classic Warcraft 3 characters with an "epic feel" something really different than the ordinary

The hero class will be created on a new character slot once you completed the quest, you won't lose your original character.

Death Knight
The current plan is to have the class available for all races.
Designed to fullfill both tanking and DPS roles
Can tank using 2H weapons or by Dual-Wielding, no need for shields.
Rather than using rage, energy, or mana, Death Knights have a special "rune sword" displayed beneath their health bar, onto which the player can etch six different runes choose between Frost, Blood, and Unholy.
Rune resource system. Three rune schools: Blood runes, frost, and unholy runes. All DK spells and abilities will use these different runes in some combo. DKs carve these runes into their weapon-- done anytime outside of combat.
Character portrait has six runes in place of the mana bar and a special circle around the icon, probably for Hero class. These runes are consume as your spells use them-- they deactivate and then reactivate over time, so if you have two frost and four blood runes, you get that much to use as spells and abilities. We have plans for mechanics that allow you to change one resource type on the fly-- like Warlock's Life Tap Health=mana.



Unholy Embrace
Instant Cast. 5 min cooldown.
Target is embraced by a silhouette of darkness for 6 seconds, corrupting any healing spells and effects cast upon or currently affecting the target to cause damage for 50% of their healing potential instead of restoring health. Any damage shields cast upon or currently affecting the target will also be instantly consumed, dealing 50% of their absorption potential in damage. Once afflicted with Unholy Embrace, the target cannot be afflicted with Unholy Embrace again for 1 minute.

Official links
Official Site 





Screenshots
     
     
     
   


Artworks
     
     
     
     


World Map
     
   


Wallpapers
   
   
     
   