Boubouille2008-07-01, 01:09 PMWotLK Beta Start Date
We heard a lot of rumors after the Worldwide Invitational, according to a few people the WotLK beta is supposed to start on July 3rd. This is very, very unconfirmed for the moment and a lot of people including me don't think it could happen that fast, but Blizzard could always surprises us. As long as nothing is confirmed from Blizzard, any mail mentioning the beta you might receive is a scam and should be deleted. 
While we have made announcements at BlizzCons in the past, that doesn't mean that that is the only time we will do it. The beta phase is not currently active and we will post more details when they are ready.

Edit: Just to add on to this - The date for the Wrath of the Lich King Beta has not been announced yet. This is a date that is determined by our development team when they feel the game is ready and not something we need to properly market for a length of time beforehand. When it does begin we will post information on the official website/forums about it and about signing up which we plan to do for it.

 
As that is part of the official website, it is not a scam. This is the page that was used for the "Future Beta Signup" with the keys given out at BlizzCon in August 2007. Notice it doesn't say that the beta phase is currently active.
For the moment, we had two big previews of Wrath of the Lich King, one in may, and one during the Worldwide Invitational.

WotLK Preview - June 08 Worldwide Invitational
PvP Panel  + 40 pictures
Raids & Dungeons Panel 
Wrath of the Lich King Screenshots & Artworks 
Q&A Grab Bag 
Class Panel 



WotLK Preview - May 08
Wrath of the Lich King Preview - Part 1 
Wrath of the Lich King Preview - Part 2 
Wrath of the Lich King Preview - Part 3 
Wrath of the Lich King Preview - 134 Screenshots 
Wrath of the Lich King - HD Trailer 





Blue posts
Reset timer for the 10 and 25 man version of the same dungeon
The current plan is to keep them separate, so if you want to run both you are welcome to do so. Source 

Server upgrades for WotLK starting
We will be performing maintenance on all realms beginning at 3:00AM PDT, July 1, and finishing at approximately 11:00AM PDT. The realm Dreadmaul will also be undergoing hardware upgrades during this time to help prepare for the launch of the upcoming expansion Wrath of the Lich King. 

Heroic Dungeons slightly easier in WotLK See Raids & Dungeons Panel 
This should allow them to be more accessible while building a stronger progression line of max level dungeons into the heroic dungeons and then on into the 10/25 person raid dungeons. Source 

Bringing up the world map makes the group invitation window disappear
This is working correctly and exactly as it does on live.

Naxxramas in WotLK
We wanted to bring this instance to a more entry level raid as it was a dungeon that received a lot of praise back in the day and doing this would allow more players to experience it while delivering a great setting to begin raiding in Wrath of the Lich King. In a new expansion we would rather make brand new dungeons that are the most challenging. For the players who did push the content in the past, this will be an easier dungeon for them to get through and move on to the new content. If it was a high-end dungeon again it would feel weird to have new content then a dip into difficult but old content before moving on. Source 
I don't have exact details on all tier armor sets at the moment, but we have said that we plan to re-use the Tier 3 armor models. Source 



Comics
Today we've got the official comic contest winner for May 2008, and the new issue of Dark Legacy.


   