Boubouille2007-10-27, 05:50 AMBlue posts
Nothing really interesting today, except for hunters and guild chat spammers maybe. 
Hunters
1 yard range is a lie the cake too. It's actually a tooltip error and it should be "5-35 yards", you shouldn't be able to shot someone while being meleed. Source 

PvP
Patch 2.3 and season 3 may not start on the same date, Blizzard plan to give a two week notice on the start of season 3. Source 

Hallow's End
Items with a duration on them won't all vanish on November first, you just won't be able to get any new ones. Source 

Wrath of the Lich King
There will be more than one type of siege weapon but there isn't any final list of them yet. Source 
There is no beta yet, don't trust scam sites. Source 

Interface
The spam-protection preventing multi-lines messages in guild and private chat channels is now removed, it will only be active in chat channels with more than 25 users. Source 

2.3 Testing
The issue with the guild bank locking up when opened has been identified, and will be fixed in a later build. Source 

Others
Flying mounts in Azeroth seems to definitely be something Blizzard wants to implement at some point. Source 


Also, two set bonuses got changed, probably in the first build of the 2.3 PTR but I never reported them.

Paladin Tier 5 Healing
2 Set: Each time you cast a Judgement, your party members gain 50 mana.
Old bonus: Increases the armor granted by your Devotion Aura ability by 350.
4 Set: Your critical heals from Flash of Light and Holy Light reduce the cast time of your next Holy Light spell by 0.5 sec for 10 sec. This effect cannot occur more than once per minute.
Old bonus: Reduces the casting time of your Holy Light spell by 0.2 sec.

Shaman Tier 5 Healing
2 Set: Reduces the cost of your Lesser Healing Wave spell by 5%.
Old bonus: Reduces the cost of your Lesser Healing Wave spell by 3%.
4 Set: Your critical heals from Healing Wave, Lesser Healing Wave, and Chain Heal reduce the cast time of your next Healing Wave spell by 0.5 sec for 10 sec. This effect cannot occur more than once per minute.
Old bonus: Reduces the casting time of your Healing Wave spell by 0.2 sec. In addition, your critical heals from Healing Wave, Lesser Healing Wave, and Chain Heal reduce the cast time of your next Healing Wave spell by 0.2 sec.


More Zul'aman gear recolor
Time for your weekly preview of recolored gear, thanks to Endarion as usual.


'amanweapons2_small.jpg 'amanweapons2.jpg  


Unlimited Escapism vol. 0: Shock Your Senses
It's been a long time since the last video posted in news ! Anyway, Baron Soosdon released another volume of Unlimited Escapism , as usual it's really really nice, and you'll probably enjoy it if you liked the others. 


 