Boubouille2007-07-11, 07:53 PMGamespot  posted a very interesting news  about Zul'Aman, voice chat, and guild banks. Thanks to [b] Shadowclaimer for reporting it ^^

Zul'aman
10 Players raid
No attunement or key required
Trash can call adds by beating nearby war drums
4 Loas animal bosses : Dragon Hawk God, Eagle God, Lynx God, and Bear God. 
2 Other bosses : a Witch Doctor and Zul'jin Hakkar style, he'll be able to use animal powers from the other bosses. 
Rescue missions quest, giving better rewards depending of the time you take to complete it. 



Guild Banks
Officers can create vaults. 
Can be managed with different permissions.
Should be released before Zul'aman 2.2 ?



Voice Chat
Free of charge
Will mute the game slightly when someone talks and use onscreen icons to show who's talking. 
Will be released in 2.2



As a bonus, a few screenshots from the Zul'aman Preview I posted a while ago.


 


     
     
   

Here are the relevant parts of the Gamespot news, check their site for the Full Version 

"Zul'Aman is a smaller raid dungeon that's better suited for 10-character parties than the full-on 25-character raids that some of the game's larger dungeons demand. Because the dungeon will not require any keys or attunements to enter, the dungeon seems intended to be more accessible to players on tight schedules. Much of the layout will call for methodical clearing of troll enemies who may call for help by beating on nearby war drums, which summon additional trol warriors to fight. Each of the four avatars, which have respectively been infused with the spirits of a bear god, a dragonhawk god, a lynx god, and finally, a god of evil, may also summon help as well as assume different forms over the course of battle. Once players have defeated each avatar, they'll eventually take on the witch doctor who started the whole mess, and finally do battle with Zul'Jin himself. The final troll boss will not only be a powerful foe; he'll also be able to draw upon the ghostly spirits of each of the four liberated animal gods and change his own shape to assume their powers.

In addition to offering challenging encounters against these mighty foes, Zul'Aman is also apparently intended to encourage players to tackle it repeatedly to master its content. There will be several characters hanging around just outside the dungeon to give out quests that take place within the dungeon, including hunting for treasure and liberating four different hostages who have been taken captive by the armies of each of the four avatars. The rescue missions will apparently be timed and will yield better rewards if completed early.

Blizzard also plans to release additional, smaller patch updates before then that will add two new features: integrated voice chat and guild banks. Voice chat will be added to the game free of charge, will mute the game slightly whenever someone talks so that you won't need to talk over any onscreen battles, and will use onscreen icons to indicate who's saying what, so that you'll be able to quickly determine which team member in your party is asking for help. The guild banks, on the other hand, will let guild officers create vaults to store the guild's entire possessions, as well as set permissions to limit access to certain items if they care to."