Boubouille2008-03-10, 09:52 AMThe week end have been calm with the Sunwell Plateau disabled until further notice and the usual lack of blue posts, however we've still got a couple of things to keep you busy on monday. 

New teleportation portals in 2.4 ?
That's a change I didn't notice when I checked the latest PTR build patch, but it looks like two new teleportation portals have been added to the game. These portals should let players teleport to Theramore and Stonard, but it's still unknown if they will be used as part of an event or just added to the mage spell book. This could also be linked to this quest  but in this case I don't really understand why they would add a Stonard portal as well. Thanks a lot to endarion for his mail about this !

Note : I know that the TP to Theramore shows Stormwind as the background of the portal, it could either mean that both portals will use the same graphic or just that the one for Theramore isn't included in the patch yet. 


 


GMs on Tournament Test Realms
Yesterday, some members of the Blizzard dev and community team were on Tournament Test Realms to run a few tests on the new servers deployed to host the worldwide arena tournament later this year. The servers crashed a few times and again, it was "intended", that's the whole point of a stress test but we had the opportunity to see a few GMs having fun, below are a few screenshots. Some players also had the change to fight Blizzard teams in Arena matches. 


       
       
       
       


WoW video renders
Sometimes, you can really get nice things with a lot of time and knowledge of 3D tools, and a bunch of WoW Models. The videos below show how WoW would like with tons of increased lightning and a few other nice effects You can also check qelsss's youtube profile for a few more videos  These videos are made by a fan, they're not official and are NOT a preview of anything.


       
       


Comics
With the release of the 2.4 patch on PTRs I had to stop reporting new comics in news, now that the amount of news to report is nearly back to normal it's time to post all the comics I missed. Belows are 4 of them, 3 from the official site and the latest one from Dark Legacy. 


   
   