Boubouille2008-04-10, 08:12 AMThori'dal, the Stars' Fury preview
Yesterday, I talked about a small update on Thori'dal, the Stars' Fury , and here it is ! Nothing really big but according to what's available in the game files, there is a pretty cool feature to make the bow a bit more impressive : all the arrows you shoot with the bow will have a light effect ! Of course, it could be a problem if you're trying to sneak behind the enemy lines to snipe a few enemies from behind a tree, but most of the time I'm sure you'll enjoy it. 

Before watching the videos keep in mind that : 
Stats are still from the old pre-PTR leak, they could have been changed. But it didn't happen with any other item
As usual with this kind of preview, nothing is officialy confirmed, the bow didn't drop yet and everything could be changed.
It's not affecting "special" shots like Steady shot or Multi-shot, this could be a bug on my side, a bug on Blizzard's side, or just working as intended. 





<object type="application/x-shockwave-flash" width="400" height="300" data=""> <param name="quality" value="best" /> <param name="allowfullscreen" value="true" /> <param name="scale" value="showAll" /> <param name="movie" value="" /></object>
Thori'dal, the Stars' Fury  from Boubouille  on Vimeo 


WotLK Beta - Player selection
Looks like completing Sunwell Plateau within 3 days won't get you in the WotLK Beta faster.
Or, for a more serious answer, it's largely random. We do our best to make sure we have a good mix of players. I've seen it before where one friend has posted on the forum about another friend who got in but they didn't and why didn't they when their friend is the one that only plays casually and they the op are the one that is hardcore. We're not looking to pick one demographic to help do the testing. We look for a good mixture of people with different play styles and interests. It gives a decent snapshot of what issues need fixed or tweaked prior to release.


Retribution paladins in WotLK
So ... Retribution paladins mana issues shouldn't really be a problem anymore with WotLK ? Sadly the info comes with the usual "it's too early to confirm anything" and I doubt we'll get a real explanation anytime soon. 
What was said was that the developers plan to change how the abilities of Retribution Paladins will work, which will make it easier to gear up due to the possibilities of sharing gear with Warriors. Although we have little information beyond this, this may also serve as an interpretation that Retribution Paladin mana issues should be less of a concern after WotLK.

It is still a little too soon to speculate however, but rest assured that we will keep you informed as soon as new updates become available


Arena Tournament Schedule v2
Bornakk made a post with the Arena Tournament Schedule, it's a lot more detailed than the one posted yesterday in europe and it should definitely give some answers to players.
With the first round of qualification for the 2008 World of Warcraft Arena Tournament underway, we wanted to provide a schedule for the remainder of this qualifier and details on what each of the phases entails.

Phase 1 - The Practice Phase – Currently active and completes on April 22, 2008
There is no penalty for changing your team and you are free to move teams around.
At the end of this phase all arena team ratings will be reset to 1500 during maintenance.



Phase 2 - The Competition Phase - Active from April 22, 2008 to May 6, 2008
Every team will be reset to a 1500 rating and official rankings begin.
There will be a 150 team rating penalty for any player added to an arena team.
At the end of this phase all arena teams will be locked down and players will not be able to switch characters from arena teams.
Registration will also close at the end of this phase. 



Phase 3 – The Final Phase – Active from May 6, 2008 to May 20, 2008
Registration is closed for this phase of qualification.
Players are no longer allowed to switch arena teams during this phase.
At the end of the phase, the top 4 rated teams from the Battlegroup will be invited to the regional qualifier if they meet all eligibility requirements.
Eligible teams must have played a minimum of 200 games during Phases 2 and 3 to be able to qualify to advance to the regional qualifier.
Each team member must have participated in 30% of their team’s games to be eligible to qualify. 



First Qualification Round Schedule for North America:
Phase 1 ends and Phase 2 begins: April 22, 2008
Phase 2 ends and Phase 3 begins: May 6, 2008
Phase 3 and the first Qualifier ends: May 20, 2008



Other blue posts
Arena Tournament registration fee
The fee is for each qualification stage, but if you qualify top 4 from the first one you're not required to play the second one. You'd already be through to the regional and can sit back and watch the others battle it out in the second qualifier to meet you at the regional. Of course, if you do qualify from the first one you can still pay the entry fee from the second one to have access to the realm and keep your Arena skills honed, but you can't qualify twice. Source 

Removal of 5v5 and 2v2 on Tournament Realm not planned
We don't have any plans currently to remove the options of playing games outside of the rated 3v3 matches. While obviously you can't win prizes for doing them, if you want to have some fun in 2v2 and 5v5 games, go for it! Source 

Rogues removed from stealth at the beginning of Priestess Delrissa encounter
This is an intended part of the encounter, rogues should be removed from stealth when the NPCs are engaged. Source 

Stratholme - Abominations bug
The event will not continue if it attempts to reset while abominations are in combat. We are aware of this issue and it is being worked on. Source 

Bug - /combatlog doesn't record player's deaths. 
We are aware of this issue and it will be fixed in an upcoming patch. Source 


Europe - Free Character Migration
Due to population differences between some of the highest and lowest populated PvP realms, the following Free Character Migration will be available April 9th to 15th:

From: Frostmane, Grim Batol, Magtheridon, Twilight's Hammer
To: Bladefist, Dragonmaw, Spinebreaker

From: Molten Core
To: Stonemaul

Please note that the migration may be closed at any time should a destination realm's population rise too high.

FAQ:  
Thundgot also made a post concerning last week's migrations 
We'll consider running the same migration again next round April 16-22. Sudden and very significant population changes on the involved realms may of course prevent us from opening some specific migrations, but barring that it should be very doable.


Official Site - 4 New Fanarts
The american and european official sites have been updated with new fanarts.


   
   