Boubouille2007-08-22, 05:35 AMFear Wards
First let's start with an blue post from Gandraor french community representative, explaining that all priests should indeed get the fear ward like what was promised at the Blizzcon, but according to him it shouldn't be before WotLK. Hopefully this will be one of the only major changes delayed. You can always check the Blizzcon changes mega list  for more information 

We do have planned to give the Fear Ward to all priests, but this shouldn't be implemented before the Wrath of the Lich King extension.

Source French 

No AH in Shattrath
Well, that's something we kinda knew for some time, but Nethaera confirmed again and very clearly that we won't see any AH in Shattrath ... This could be a problem once WotLK is here, without any AH or anything to do in Outlands, it will be hard to bring people back here. But they've got time to change their mind I guess

I'm sorry, but we don't have any plans to add an Auction House to Shattrath. We like that people need to interact with others still in Azeroth when visiting the Auction Houses there. We feel that the portals in Shattrath are a great way for people to travel back to Azeroth and that using a hearth stone is a legitimate way to travel back to Outland.

If you plan out your travels well, they should be going relatively smoothly.

Source

Update : Druid Itemization in 2.3
More Oomkin items in 2.3

Feral Scaling: Druids may not be scaling as well as warriors and others at the higher end, but this cuts both ways referencing my point above at the lower end side of things druids for a while shortly after TBC was released became highly sought after tanks atleast on my server because warriors relied much more heavily on gear in order to compete. Now warriors have gear they're getting ahead of druids again.

Itemisation across the board is due to get some love with the introduction of further content in patch 2.3 and beyond. Balance druids are particularly getting some better attention in Zul'Aman in 2.3.
As a hybrid class though, it is normal that there are times when you are sharing gear with another class.

[url=] Source 