Boubouille2008-05-09, 08:17 AMThis post will be updated multiple times, stay tuned

Latest updates
18:45 CEST - Added the 2nd part of the preview, mostly from the Eurogamer.net preview  ! The trailer is now available in HD Streaming  from Vimeo !
12:30 CEST - Added the Curse.com WotLK Preview  and Curse.com Tigole/Kalgan interview  Also added the Death Knight Skills from them to the compilation. The layout of the news was changed slightly to make it more readable, another media update is on the way.


<a name="part2"></a>Wrath of the Lich King Preview - Part 2
You should really definitely check the preview on Eurogamer.net , this is one of the most interesting published today.
Inscription
Inscribers will create glyphs that allow players to modify their spells and abilities. Eurogamer.net 
Going by the first recipe, which requires Peacebloom, they'll rely on the herbalist gathering profession. Eurogamer.net 
Every player will get a new spell book page to which they can add six glyphs - currently, four major and two minor. Eurogamer.net 
Major glyphs will be effective in combat - adding damage over time or stun to a physical attack, for example - while minor glyphs will give convenient or cosmetic improvements, removing the need for some spell reagents. Eurogamer.net 
Glyphs can be sold at the Auction House Eurogamer.net 



Enchanting
Allowing enchanters sell their enchantments at the Auction House is still planned.Eurogamer.net 



Lake Wintergrasp / Vehicles
The new vehicle technology, which introduces physics and handling characteristics - including inertia, turning circle, grip and suspension bounce - to land and airborne vehicles and special mounts. Eurogamer.net 
It also allows for up to eight passengers per vehicle, and brings up bespoke action bars and skills for vehicle and turret operators. Eurogamer.net 
It was intended to be used solely for PVP siege weapons - Dwarven steam tanks, Forsaken plague spreaders and Orc demolishers. Eurogamer.net 



World
Even if you'll be able to meet him as soon as you reach Dragonblight LVL 71-75, the final encounter against Arthas won't be until the last patch of the Lich King cycle. The Icecrown Citadel, will appear after launch. Eurogamer.net 
Dragonblight will also let you reunite violently with the Scarlet Crusade. Eurogamer.net 
Players will meet a lot of monsters from Classic WoW in the Grizzly Hills, including Furbolgs, Kobolds, the Venture Company, and Worgen Werewolves. Eurogamer.net 
Arugal  has been resurrected and now leads the Worgen Werewolves in Grizzly Hills. Eurogamer.net 
In Grizzly Hills, you will also find an evil sister city to the Alliance capital, Ironforge. Screenshot ?  Eurogamer.net 
The Argent Dawn faction returns in Zul'Drak. Eurogamer.net 
In Sholazar Basin, you'll take part in a faction-reputation war between the Wolvar sentient wolves and Oracles "the next evolution of the Murlocs" - a worrying thought. A much lighter take on reputation gaming is promised here, with players actively encouraged to defect to the other side at will. Eurogamer.net 
The expansion will contain a lot of "vehicle quests" as an evolution of BC's bombing runs - throwing flaming oil at Worgen from horseback, airlifting supplies in a gyrocoptor, and yes, mammoth wrangling. Eurogamer.net 



Trailer - High Definition
The trailer contains all the videos released today by fansites. Don't forget to activate the HD Mode at the top right of the video screen !



<object type="application/x-shockwave-flash" width="550" height="310" data=""> <param name="quality" value="best" /> <param name="allowfullscreen" value="true" /> <param name="scale" value="showAll" /> <param name="movie" value="" /></object>
Wrath of the Lich King 10 Minutes Trailer  from Boubouille  on Vimeo 



<a name="part1"></a>Wrath of the Lich King Preview - Part 1
At the beginning of the week, multiple websites have been invited to the Blizzard HQ for a presentation of WotLK, we'll probably see tons of screenshots and some useful information released today. 

Sources
You should really check the following site, the interviews and articles are really interesting.

Wrath of the Lich King Preview  on Curse.com 
Tigole and Kalgan Interview  on Curse.com 
Wrath of the Lich King Preview  on Gamespy.com 
Wrath of the Lich King 
GameSpy Invades Northrend! 
Enter the Death Knight 
A Talk with J. Allen Brack 
Interview with Jeff Kaplan 
Wrath of the Lich King Raid and Dungeon Update 

Judgehype.com  for Screenshots and Video


Information summary
Death Knights
All players with a level 55 character will be able to create one Death Knight per realm, per account. Gamespy.com 
Blizzard's designers decided to start the class with a full complement of abilities right off the bat, figuring that any player that has advanced a character to level 55 would be able to learn to handle the new class with minimal difficulty. Gamespy.com 
Death Knights will have a summonable Skeletal Deatcharger Mount. Gamespy.com 
Death Knights aren't using Mana or Energy, the runes are their primary source of power and are slotted into their "blade," which lies underneath their health bar as a visual indicator of what resources are available to the player at any given moment. Gamespy.com 
Spent runes automatically refresh after a set period of time, much like a Rogue's energy bar. Gamespy.com 
There are six slots in the blade, and the player is free to fill those slots with any given number of Blood, Unholy or Frost runes. Gamespy.com 
Death Knights also have a secondary resource called Runic Power generated by using your rune abilities. It will use the same mechanics as rage and increase when you deal damage, or slowly decrease if you're not using it. Gamespy.com 
Death Knights will have a lot of abilities that cost all available Runic Power with varying levels of effectiveness based on total Runic Power spent. Same mechanics as Execute for warriors, or finishing moves for Rogues Gamespy.com 
Death Knights will have spells equivalent to auras called "Presence", providing them with powerful self-buffs depending on their role in the group. One for tanking, one for damage dealing, etc ... Gamespy.com 
An instant lifedrain spell described as death coil without the fear component will be available. Gamespy.com 
Death Knights will be the first class to use diseases as a source of damage, with abilities that become strong depending on how many diseases are already applied to the target. Gamespy.com 
"Army of the Dead" will spawn numerous undead minions to attack nearby hostiles targets. Gamespy.com 
Death Knights will also revive an enemy or ally as a ghoul to use it as a pet with its own special abilities like a disease-inflicting strike and a stun. Gamespy.com 
When an ally is risen as a ghoul, a pop-up will appear and this ally will have the choice to control the ghoul if he wants to. Gamespy.com 
The Death Knight's particular niche will be in tanking magic-damage-dealing bosses. They will have an ability much like a banshee's anti-magic shell, greatly diminishing the amount of incoming magic damage they'll receive in combat Gamespy.com 



Death Knight Skills
Death Coil -- Depletes all Runic Power, dealing 600 damage to a non-Undead target, or healing 900 damage on a friendly target. Curse.com 
Death Grip -- This is the Death Knight's "taunt" ability. It also pulls the target to the Death Knight, forcing them to attack the Death Knight for a short amount of time. Yes, I said pulls the target; Blizzard is going to allow players to move mobs in the expansion both with Death Grip, and other knockback/pull abilities. This works on players too, so PvP balance ahoy! Curse.com 
Chains of Ice -- Roots the target in place. When the spell fades, it places a snare on the target that reduces in potency as the duration runs out. Curse.com 
Death Pact -- Sacrifices the raised ghouls to heal the Death Knight. Curse.com 
Death and Decay -- Targeted, AoE Damage-over-time which pulses similar to the Paladin spell Consecration. Anyone affected by Death and Decay has a chance to be feared. Curse.com 
Frost Presence -- Increases Armor by 45% and allows the Death Knight to generate 25% more threat. Only one presence can be active at any time. Curse.com 
Unholy Presence -- Increases Attack Speed and Movement speed by 15%. Only one presence can be active at any time. This was described by Tom Chilton as the "PvP" presence. Curse.com 
Anti-magic Shield -- Reduces the damage of the next magical spell cast on the Death Knight by 75%. It also converts the damage reduced into Runic Power. Curse.com 
Strangulate -- Depletes all Runic Power, dealing minor damage and silencing the target for up to 5 seconds. Curse.com 
Summon Deathcharger -- Allows the Death Knight to summon a Deathcharger mount. This mount is acquired through quests, similar to the Paladin and Warlock land mounts. Curse.com 
Raise Dead -- Raises a nearby corpse to fight for the Death Knight for 2 minutes. If used on a player corpse, the player has the option to play as the ghoul for the duration -- gaining access to the ghoul's abilities. Curse.com 
The ghoul has the ability to do the following:
Leap to the target
Rend for decent damage-over-time
Stun target, and of course more 



Raids & Dungeons
All raid dungeons in Wrath of the Lich King will have both 10-person and 25-person versions. So at level 80, every major encounter and every big boss fight can be experienced with a group of 10. Gamespy.com 
25-person raiding progression is not dependent on 10-person raiding progression. Gamespy.com 
There will be no attunements or keys to obtain, and you won't be locked out of a 25-person instance if you decide to attempt the 10-person version, and vice-versa. Gamespy.com 
25-person raids will earn more, higher-level rewards, in what should be the equivalent of one "tier" of loot quality. Gamespy.com  
A new instance focused on the different dragonflights "The Chamber of Aspects" might be added to the game, but this isn't confirmed yet. Gamespy.com 
Zero raid bosses have been designed at this point. Gamespy.com 



Others
Players will unlock their flying mount at level 77. Gamespy.com 
You can use your Outland flying mount, and new flying mounts will be available. Gamespy.com 


Screenshots from Judgehype 

       
       
       
   


Northrend Videos
The trailer contains all the zone videos released today by fansites. Don't forget to activate the HD Mode at the top right of the video screen !



<object type="application/x-shockwave-flash" width="550" height="310" data=""> <param name="quality" value="best" /> <param name="allowfullscreen" value="true" /> <param name="scale" value="showAll" /> <param name="movie" value="" /></object>
Wrath of the Lich King 10 Minutes Trailer  from Boubouille  on Vimeo 