Boubouille2007-07-11, 03:18 PMWe had small patch notes, but the bug list is impressive. 

General
Shoulder armor is significantly smaller on Orc Males than previously.
Male Night Elf Off-Hand Weapons are not properly aligned with the hand.
Dwarven Female off-hand equipped items are universally over sized.
Bloodelf male's legs clip into all chairs in the game.



Environment
There is a chair in Sunfury Spire which is displaying internal information upon mouseover.
Adamantite Bound Chests and Heavy Fel Iron Chests contain improper loot.



Spells, Talents, & Abilities
Critical strike damage reduction percentage gained from resilience rating increases as the attacking player gains more +critical strike damage bonus talents.
The abilities Blazing Speed and Retaliation do not work correctly when you are attacked while on a mount.
Cyclone can prevent a player from receiving battleground marks when the battleground ends.
If a character with immunity ice block, divine protection resists a mass dispel, the immunity effect is still removed.



Quests
The Stealth ability of the coaxed marmots in the Blade's Edge quest "The Smallest Creatures" is immediately deactivating upon cast.
Discarding the Darkrune from "Banishing the Demons" can prevent player from continuing the chain permanently.
Turning in the Deathwing Brood Cloak with full inventory results in no reward.
Obsidia, as well as other Blade's Edge Dragons, will not always answer when summoned.
Multiple Resonating Skulls can be obtained from a single Fetid Skull for the Eastern Plaguelands quest Marauders of Darrowshire.
The quest, “Becoming a Spellfire Tailor" summons two Furious Nether-wraiths instead of one.



Items
The Chance on Hit effect for the two-handed mace "World Breaker" fades before the +crit it provides can be utilized.
Two piece Warlock "Corruptor" set bonus does not work in conjunction with heal over time spells.
The item "Spyglass of The Hidden Fleet" is unable to be used while in druid shapeshift form.
Unstable Talasite does not satisfy Red gem socket requirements despite tooltip.
Sul'thraze the Lasher is not showing the unholy effect nor any other enchant effect.
The trinket, Figurine of the Colossus, is being put on a global cooldown when casting spells.
Figurine of the Colossus becomes grayed-out on the action bar when a character has no mana.
There is an inconsistency in the Strength attribute for the Paladin PvP items Veteran's Scaled Greaves and Veteran's Scaled Belt.
The Merciless Gladiator's Legguards does not match the rest of the set items.
There is an inconsistency on the critical strike rating on Gladiator's Leather Spaulders.
There is an inconsistency with the Warbringer Armor two-piece set bonus description.
Using Mr. Pinchy when your inventory is full results in a "Inventory is full" error and uses a charge but does not grant an item.
Some Guardian Elixirs do not stack to 20.
The item level for Shuriken of Negation is not consistent with the other items from Gruul.
Runed Ornate Ruby and Bold Ornate Ruby are marked Unique-Equipped but only one can be in the players inventory.
Some spells do not trigger the Enlightenment buff given by using the item, Pendant of the Violet Eye.
The cooldown for the Gnomish Poultryizer is triggered even if the item cannot be used due to a Silence effect.
Crossbow and gun animations are not stopping once a player has fired the weapon.
Crystalline Crossbow is held in the character's hands improperly.
Shooting while under the effects of Time-Lost Figurine displays no Shoot Animation.
Edgewalker Longboots have an inconsistent armor value.
When arrows are pulled back on The Black Bow of the Betrayer they stick straight up.
The Merciless Gladiator's Plate Helm does not disable facial hair.
Facial hair shows through the Merciless Gladiator's Mooncloth Hood.
Players facial hair clips through the helm Merciless Gladiator's Ornamented Headcover.
Hair clips through the back of the Crown of the Sun.
The Merciless Gladiator's Mail Helm clips player hair.
The Merciless Gladiator's Mooncloth Hood and Merciless Gladiator's Satin Hood clips player hair.
The Merciless Gladiator's Ringmail Helm clips player hair.
Crown of Empowered Fate is removing hair when equipped.
Player facial hair clips through some Hood of Primal Life and Windscale Hood.
The heal proc from the Battlemaster enchant knocks partied characters out of stealth.
Masquerade Gown procs on non-spell casts.



User Interface
The Pet info window will re-open whenever dismounting if the character info window is closed while the pet info tab is active.
Hunter Pets with more then 12 skills can not access the second page of the spellbook.
Players in cross-server battlegrounds can't use the target function in the Who List UI on players from different servers.



Monsters and NPCs
Some major city guards ignore both Feign Death and Vanish.
Player pets spawn in mid-air when the dragonmaw illusion is applied.
Pets who are currently desummoned from mounting when a battleground ends will be lost after leaving the battleground.
Dragonmaw Peons have improper pickpocket loot..
Ahab Wheathoof is appearing when Track Beasts is enabled.



Druid
Spells, Talents, & Abilities
The Healing Aura from Tree of Life is not being applied party members at full range.
Druid talent Mangle's duration icon isn't being refreshed properly on reapplication.
The Druid talent Force of Nature causes stealthed party members to lose their stealth.
Druids are able to learn Dire Bear form before learning Bear form.



Hunter
Spells, Talents & Abilities
Hunter's Mark does not properly update itself when re-applied.
Pets dismissed when a hunter mounts do not have their buffs decay in real time.



Paladin
Spells, Talents, & Abilities
A stunned paladin can cast Blessing of Protection on another player.
A sapped paladin can cast Blessing of Protection on another player.
Blessing of Kings and Greater Blessing of Kings have different animations.



Priest
Spells, Talents, & Abilities
Undead Priest ability Touch of Weakness interrupts wand shooting.
Pain Suppression is not properly affecting the chance to resist dispel mechanics.
Pain Suppression is not gaining the benefit of Silent resolve or it's own 65% chance to resist dispel.
The Priest talent proc Surge of Light is consuming mana and can crit when used.
The spellsurge enchant does not proc when casting dispel or purge.
Priest talent Pain Suppression is not properly affecting the chance to resist dispel mechanics.



Rogue
Spells, Talents, & Abilities
Gnome male animation for "Mutilate" causes the main hand dagger to stick through the gnome's shoulder.
A rogue who uses sap on another player on PvE server will not be flagged for PvP.



Shaman
Spells, Talents, & Abilities
Weapons appear on the model when shamans attack in ghost wolf form.