Boubouille2008-01-17, 02:38 AMThis post will be updated if there is any hidden change on the 2.3.3 PTRs, stay tuned. 

2.3.3 Patch available on PTR
Bug fixes, bug fixes, and bug fixes. Patches notes on the US site and in game are slightly different, we'll assume they're both correct and merge them. As usual direct download mirrors are available : 

 WoW-2.3.2.7741-to-0.3.3.7799-enUS-patch.exe [Download ]
 WoW-2.3.2.7741-to-0.3.3.7799-enGB-patch.exe [Download ]
 WoW-2.3.2.7741-to-0.3.3.7799-deDE-patch.exe [Download ]
 WoW-2.3.2.7741-to-0.3.3.7799-frFR-patch.exe [Download ]
 WoW-2.3.2.7741-to-0.3.3.7799-esES-patch.exe [Download ]
World of Warcraft PTR Patch 2.3.3

The latest test realm patch notes can always be found at  

The latest patch notes can always be found at  

General
Some players may notice improved data load times when newly entering the world and after zoning into new areas.
Character/NPC load times have been decreased, and now should appear faster. You’re not hearing voices, there really are people in Shattrath!



Bug Fixes
Felspine the Greater in Shadowmoon Valley will no longer evade when engaged.
Guttripper in Nagrand will no longer evade when engaged.
Players will now be correctly credited with their arena points if they purchase an arena item during weekly arena calculations.
Using a castsequence macro on a target moving out of range will no longer cause it to stop working. 



Macros and /castsequence issues
People affected by this bug should run to the 2.3.3 PTR and see if it works, that's your last chance to have it fixed before the release of the 2.4 Patch on live servers in a few months.
Thank you to everyone who reported macro issues they've been encountering with the latest patch. We believe we have identified and corrected the issue, and we plan to release a client side update to distribute this fix to players.

This client side update is currently being uploaded to the PTRs, and should be available there for players to test shortly.

I'd like to encourage players who are experiencing macro issues to download this PTR patch and see if their macros are working there. If you encounter issues with macro functionality on the PTR, please post here and on the Test Realm forum so that we can further investigate those issues.

Other blue posts
Actions taken against AFKers on european realms too
Starting immediately, we will be issuing warnings and penalties, including suspensions, for non-participation in Battleground games. We are taking action against a large number of accounts immediately, and will continue to monitor these situations and regularly take action against violators. If you encounter a player in a Battleground who is intentionally not participating in the battle for an extended period of time, please help us track the situation and report the player as AFK. Source 

Karazhan reset timer
We don't have any plans to shorten the Karazhan timer at this point in time. We're comfortable with how it is and so far, people seem to be getting good advantage out of the badge rewards from there. Source 

Patch 2.4 and reset timer
Patch 2.4 for Sunwell Plateau is a content patch for The Burning Crusade, I wouldn't expect elements intended for Wrath of the Lich King to be involved.

With the release of WotLK, will Forsaken holdings in Azeroth be updated to this new architecture? 
I haven't heard of any plans to do this, but we will know more as we get closer to launching Wrath of the Lich King. Source 


Europe - Free Character Migration
More and more servers eligible for character migration, hurray ?
Due to population differences between some of the highest and lowest populated PvP realms, the following Free Character Migration will be available January 16th to 22nd:

From: Al'Akir, Burning Legion, Stormscale, Magtheridon
To: Daggerspine, Spinebreaker, Xavius

Please note that the migration may be closed at any time should a destination realm's population rise too high.

FAQ:  


The Burning Crusade: One Year Anniversary
Yup, it's been a year already. 
It was one year ago, today, that the blood elves and draenei joined the armies of Azeroth, and the Dark Portal was opened to the beautiful and terrifying vistas of Outland. During that time, players have discovered the might of the Burning Legion, fought against the allies of Illidan in Serpentshrine Cavern and Tempest Keep, and even faced down the Betrayer himself in the Black Temple.

On 16 January 2007, The Burning Crusade was released and sold almost 2.4 million copies  worldwide in the first 24 hours of release, winning multiple awards from industry representatives. Since that time, World of Warcraft has reached the epic milestone of 9 million subscribers  worldwide, with the game soon to be localized for release in Russian. 