Boubouille2008-04-25, 08:02 AM2.4.2 PTR Patch Notes Update
The patch notes have been updated with a few class changes. I also left the "old" entries for the Hunter and Mages class changes, and kept the changes moved from Bug Fixes to class category, it's not like anyone read Bug Fixes in patch notes, right ?. 

The full patch notes  have been updated to reflect these changes.

 Druid
Talent: Primal Fury Rank 2 will now be properly unlearned when it is untalented.
Talent: Restoration- Natural Perfection will no longer proc by normal melee attacks. 



 Hunter
Aspect of the Viper: This ability now grants an additional amount of mana each 5 seconds equal to 35% of the hunter’s level.
Boar Charge: This ability will no longer make Growl cast immediately after it generates excessive threat.
The pet ability Growl will no longer scale with pet Attack Power.
Dire Ravens in Blade’s Edge Mountains now tameable.
Scare Beast: The range on this spell has been increased to 30 yards and it is now instant cast. 
Tamed Drywallow Snappers now will know Bite 5 instead of Claw 5. 



 Mage
Talent: Improved Blink Arcane now reduces chance to be hit by 13/25% and the duration of Rank 1 has been increased to 4 seconds.
Completing the quest “Arcane Refreshment” will now properly teach the spell Conjure Water Rank 7.
Polymorph: Mounted creatures will no longer remain mounted while polymorphed.
Mage Armor no longer reduces the duration of beneficial magic buffs.
Molten Armor will now do damage while a damage absorption shield is active. 



 Paladin
Flash of Light and Holy Light will now work properly with castsequence macros.
Seal of the Crusader: This ability now increases the damage dealt by Crusader Strike by 40%.
Crusader Strike Retribution will now properly receive a damage increase from Seal of The Crusader.
Talent: Precision Ranks 1-3 will no longer improperly display daggers and staves as a weapon class in the tooltip.
Paladins that already have Apprentice Riding skill can now properly learn Summon Warhorse from the trainer. 



 Priest
Fear Ward will no longer be consumed while under the effects of cyclone.
Mana Burn: This spell can no longer trigger effects that require the target to be struck with a critical hit.
Power Word:Shield now has the correct sound associated with it and can no longer be heard from large distances.
Talent: Power Infusion will now consume the correct amount of mana when cast on yourself. 



 Rogue
Ability: Blade Flurry: This ability can no longer hit critters as its secondary targets and will now use a proper range calculation for all secondary targets.
Talent: Mutilate Assassination will no longer incorrectly appear multiple times in the combat log when used. 



 Shaman
Ability: Frostbrand Weapon: Rank 6 damage has been increased very slightly. 



 Warlock
Drain Soul: Channeling of this spell will now always stop when a player target dies.
Pets: Using a sacrifice effect to kill your own pet will no longer trigger effects that should only occur when killing an enemy. 



 Warrior
Sweeping Strikes: This ability can no longer hit critters as its secondary targets and will now use a proper range calculation for all secondary targets. 



Items
Brann Bronzebeard’s Lost Letter: This item will no lonber display a damage range in its tooltip. 
Crusader’s Scaled Battlegear: Tooltip spelling corrected.
Elixir of Demonslaying: This elixir now grants ranged attack power against demons as intended. 
Hazza’rah’s Charm of Healing Haste rating reduced. 
Nightfall now has a chance to fail on targets over level 60.
Ravager: Judgements will no longer auto-refresh and break the effect from this item while its effect is active. 
Renataki’s Charm of Trickery has had its energy reduced. 
Shard of Azzinoth no longer shares any cooldown with Shaman Elemental totems. 
Shattered Sun Pendant of Might: The triggered effect from this item will no longer break Scattershot or other crowd-controlling affects. The visual on the Scryer version has been updated.
Shifting Naaru Silver: Using this item no longer puts players into combat.
Silithyst Dust: The bonus from turning this item in no longer works for players above level 63. 
Ten Storms Set: The Chain Heal bonus from this set has been reduced by 5%. 
Wushoolay’s Charm of Nature Haste rating has been reduced.