Boubouille2008-01-07, 07:24 AMIt's the beginning of a new week, and it could be an interesting one depending on how nice Blizzard want to be with players. Nothing is officialy confirmed but it's not impossible to see the 2.3.2 deployed on live servers this week Full list of changes , which means the PTRs could be upgraded to 2.4 as well List of known changes  

We can also expect the Blizzard audio podcast this week but again we don't have any confirmation, hopefuly today blue posts might give a few more details about what will happens in the next days and any major information will be reported here as soon as possible. 


250 players world PvP raid
World PvP is still alive, and it looks great when people on EU-Eredar take care of it, the horde decided it would be a good idea to gather 250 people to pay a visit to all the alliance capitals at the same time. A video with multiple point of views is now available  and you should probably download it if you like big fireballs and the smell of dead gnomes in the sun. 


 


SK-Gaming arena ranking
If you've been reading this site for a very long time, you might remember the old arena ranking from geekboys.org posted a while ago. It's been moved to SK-Gaming.com  with some new features included. Now you can :
See the top arena teams for each bracket 5v5, 3v3, 2v2 sorted by Region/Battlegroup/Server
Check the top players for each class on each bracket e.g. best hunter playing in 5v5 bracket, sortable by Region/Battlegroup/Server as well.
That's the new feature, you can now see the player ranking for each class based on their score in all brackets. For the moment, the player with the highest combined rating  in the world is Cherekee , a hunter on EU-Talnivarr. 



Note : The tools have been updated recently, and the armory had a few major downtimes during the last few weeks, you might experience a few problems with some data not being updated correctly but most of the time it should work without any problem. 


 


Engineers: The Khorium Toolbox
This news is for engineers, and especially for engineers who need more money and I can't believe you've got enough of it. Tuscansalami posted a very long Engineering guide on The Khorium Toolbox  with a lot of details on engineering, and how to make the most money from it. From ammunitions to goblin rocket boots, everything is analyzed and you could really get yourself a few more hundred golds by following the advices here. 


Comics

   