Boubouille2008-07-17, 11:38 AMWotLK beta account pages "activated"
We're finally seeing something new with the WotLK beta this week,   now shows a 403 error instead of the good old 404 Page not found error. There isn't any date released yet but it definitely looks like we're getting closer. Note that   is "active" as well and shows a blank page instead of a 404 error. 


 


Blue posts
Warlock Hotfix - Demonic Sacrifice
This has now been fixed during the restarts this morning. Warlocks using the ability Demonic Sacrifice will once again resurrect with their pet if they die without summoning another pet. Source 

Hyjal Summit Hotfix - Anetheron
We recently pushed a hotfix through and you should once again get those nice green glowing infernals to deal with. Source 

Patch 2.4.3 and server instability
Thank you for taking the time to provide us with some positive feedback, Azthoron. The patch did result in some realm instability issues within the first 24 hours, though we really appreciate it when players remain respectful and patient while we work to address such issues. 

WotLK 10/25 Instances - Are they going to be in the same reset timer? So if I go to a 10 man version of the raid, can I go to the 25 man version the same day?
Different. You will be able to do both. Source 

Rexxar in WotLK
We want to try and include many notable characters that players will recognize when they travel in Northrend, but we will have to wait and see if this will include Rexxar. Source 

Class changes availability in WotLK
We're talking about the same thing. I assure you. Wrath changes tie in the same way BC changes tied in. Changes to classes up to 70 will be available to everyone that has BC and those with original WoW to 60 from BC who doesn't buy the expansion. This excludes Death Knights, new areas, dungeons, Northrend, and anything post 70 essentially same as with Burning Crusade. Source 


Wrath of the Lich King and Feedback
I appreciate the post and I don't have any specific answers for you now. As you know we've been in a holding pattern on some things and are focusing more on bug fixes and adjustments aside from Wrath development of which some may have application toward what we're working on in Wrath of the Lich King. While I understand the frustrations when seeing other classes getting changes that might be considered larger than just a fix or nerf, we aren't doing class reviews or revamps. Most of the big changes you are going to see will come as a part of Wrath of the Lich King.

For now, I can say what we've been telling a lot of people, your feedback is noted. Hopefully when we get into the beta, we'll see a lot more solid feedback from everyone who gets a chance to test. Just keep in mind that if we don't implement something you feel is necessary, that there are reasons for it or we just don't agree that it's the best possible option at that time.

I understand the frustrations of people wanting things to happen before the expansion, but in order to do that we end up delaying its development and many things are very intricately woven together within the development. 


Frostmourne Fan Art Contest Winners!
We are pleased to announce the winners of our Frostmourne Fan Art Contest!  Congratulations to our grand prize winner, Charlotte Pardy, who will be able to challenge the Lich King in the Wrath of the Lich King  beta with her very own Frostmourne Replica sword from Epic Weapons ! We’d also like to congratulate our second prize winners: Ivan Alexander Loguin and Siarhei Yermalayeu who will also be receiving beta keys for the Wrath of the Lich King beta. You can view the winning entries on our Frostmourne Fan Art Contest Winners  page!

Congratulations once more and thanks to all who participated! 


     