Boubouille2007-03-20, 03:29 AM 

The newly created Team Pandemic  for World of Warcraft took some time to answer a few questions. Thanks to them.


TeamPandemic, LLC., one of North America's hottest professional gaming teams, would like to announce their acquisition of a World of Warcraft division. The team will be made up of seven individuals from the legendary Notorious guild from the Tichondrius server. The team is currently competing in the official Blizzard 5v5 Arena tournament under the name "Power Trip." They are currently in first place playing within BattleGroup 9 Bloodlust.
Full press release available on their website 

Could you tell us in a few words who you are ? How many hours do you spend on WoW each day ?
Vhell : 
Official Team Pandemic World of Warcraft Roster Click names for individual armory link:
Joseph "Noktyn " Romano LEADER - Warrior Arms : 35/23/3
David "Sck " Quick - Paladin Holy : 41/20/0
Chris "Reznap " Pacini - Hunter Marksmanship : 0/42/19
Jared "Iamvhell " Coulston - Priest Hybrid : 28/33/0
Greg "Ecilam " Risselada - Mage Hybrid : 33/0/28
Mason "Nitrana " Groendal - Rogue Hybrid : 26/35/0
Nathan "Kintt " Quinn - Priest Hybrid : 28/33/0
PowerTrip team armory profile 

Since we've finished gearing up for arena, we play around 5 hours a day on average.

How did you evolve in WoW from the beginning ? Are you all pure PvP players or did some of you switch from PvE to PvP ?
Kintt : Our team as a whole has always had a very PvP orientated mindset. We were all also in pretty hardcore raiding guilds as well, as in the past you had to PvE in order to PvP. Thankfully now thats not the case and we can focus primarily on PvP.

What's your current team ? What do you enjoy in playing these classes ?
Noktyn : Our current team runs with a backbone of Warrior, Paladin, Mage, and Priest. Then we either play our rogue or hunter depending on what we think is better at the time. We enjoy this particular setup because it is a defensive style of play - the hunter has an ae snare and root proc, paladins are loaded with defensive tools, 2 defensive dispels, etc. We feel that a strong defense is just as effective as a strong offense if played properly.

At the moment, which class seems to be the less useful to you in PvP ?
Noktyn : I think it's a tie between druids and rogues. The problem is that these two classes are really good in 1v1 situations, druids particularly in world PvP. Druids have some nice group PvP tools like a buff, cyclone as a crowd control and the like but they are too reliant on their forms to survive. Rogues don't have much in the way of survival either, with a few tweaks they could fix the class in 5v5 but overpower them in 1v1 - I think that's the problem currently.

What do you expect from future upgrades to the PvP system and arena rewards ?
Sck : I am expecting the Honor/Arena rewards to evolve with the game and be upgraded with any items that could potentially be better for PvP through PvE. *Needing* /anything/ from a 25 man raid to PvP would be completely unacceptable and be a complete U turn at this point.

What could make you leave PvP for PvE ?
Sck : Nothing. In regards to WoW PvE, been there done that. I bought a one way ticket out when I purchased the expansion.

How many mods do you have installed at the moment of this interview ? ^^
Vhell : I have 52 mods installed currently, but a lot of them have very specific and small uses. In terms of PvP and Arena, I use 13 of these.

Concretely, how does sponsoring benefits you ?
Vhell : If PvP in WoW becomes a viable competitive platform to where live LAN events are held, we will receive full travel, lodging and registration to all events.

Thanks for taking the time to awnser our questions, do you have something to add ? 
We'd like to thank our sponsors Plantronics , Subway , GoDaddy.com  and NationVoice.com  for their continued support of the the team.