Boubouille2008-05-24, 08:50 AMReminder : MLG PC Circuit registrations are now open  ! 

No beta registration available
The server alert message on european servers has been changed.
While we understand that everybody’s very eager to participate in the upcoming beta test of Wrath of the Lich King, we’d like to clarify that we are not currently accepting applications for testing the expansion. Please keep an eye on the World of Warcraft web site for news. 


WWI: Additional tickets on sale next week
Additional 2008 Blizzard Entertainment Worldwide Invitational Tickets On Sale Next Week!
We’re pleased to announce that additional tickets for the 2008 Blizzard Entertainment Worldwide Invitational will be available on the Worldwide Invitational website next week.  

This year’s Worldwide Invitational will be held here in Europe, at the Porte de Versailles Exposition Centre in Paris, France, on the 28th and 29th of June. Both days of the event will feature a variety of activities including hands-on play with the latest versions of World of Warcraft: Wrath of the Lich King and StarCraft II, the chance to meet Blizzard executives and developers in discussion panels and signing sessions, participate in community tournaments, dance, costume and machinima contests, watch top eSports competitors from around the world play in exciting invitational tournaments and much more! Tickets are priced at 70 € / £55 for the two-day event and can be purchased by credit or debit card.

You can find additional information about the event on our official website, including a comprehensive F.A.Q. and an interactive map of Paris, France, where the Worldwide Invitational will take place.
Event details:  
F.A.Q.:  
Interactive map:  

Check back here often to keep yourself updated on the topic.

Please note that you must be 16 years or above to attend the Worldwide Invitational, unless accompanied by a consenting parent, guardian or responsible adult of 18 years or above. The event is open to attendees of ages 4 years and above.


Blue posts
Arena Tournament Realms won't open before June 3rd
We currently do not plan to open the Tournament Realms for the 2nd Qualification Round until June 3rd. We are happy seeing all of the people who have registered in advance, so now when June 3rd rolls around everybody should be ready to rumble right from the start. Source 

Dungeons layout and "Blackrock Depths style" instances
The non-confusing layouts of Deadmines and Shadowfang Keep were definitely some great successes. We are happy with the progress we have made in the new dungeons so far and look forward to having players experience them first hand in the not too distant future. Currently we don't plan to add a "Blackrock Depths style" of 5 person dungeon. I understand the nostalgia over this dungeon is strong since it was from so long ago, but it was the source of a lot of problems back in the day and we want to focus on improving the dungeons. Source 

You could have 49 Death Knights on a single account
It means on realm X, you can have only 1 Deathknight. On realm Y, you can have only 1 Deathknight. But technically, once you have a character to unlock this Hero Class, you could have 49 Deathknights, they would just have to all be on separate realms. The reason it says "per realm, per account" is if you have two accounts, you could have two Deathknights on realm X, one would just have to be on the 1st account and another on the 2nd. Source 

Differences between 10 and 25 man dungeons in WotLK
The 25 person dungeons will have greater challenges and in turn, great rewards, for some players this is the absolute ticket they are looking for. Source 
We believe we can make a 10 person raid boss a challenge then make a 25 person version much more complicated and challenging to fit both raiding styles. Source 

Leveling improvements with WotLK
We're aware of these concerns and are going to be keeping an eye on everything as we go along. As I said, there is always the possibility of some additional things being done to ease leveling on the way to 80. I just couldn't comment on what may be a possibility at this point in time. Also keep in mind, we made improvements to Dustwallow Marsh and there is always the possibility of more of these sorts of improvements when time permits it to be put into the development cycle. Source 


Warlocks from a blue point of view
Slorkuz wrote a fairly long posts about Warlock teams in arenas.
I think that there are plenty of viable class setups for a warlock. Based off of personal experience, I think that the following combinations are some of the most common ones:

Warlocks in 2v2:

Warlock/Restoration Druid: 
This team relies on the longevity of the class combo, often outlasting all the opponents manawise. Also, when combining the powerful crowd control abilities of both the druid and warlock, this formation has the opportunity of taking one of the opposing team players "out of the fight" for a relatively long amount of time.

Warlock/Rogue: 
This team relies on the tacting "kill before being killed". Between the utilities of the Rogue and stealth detection from the warlocks felhunter, this combination allows the rogue to very often get the opener on a stealthed target. Combining the warlock's survivability and CCs with a well timed rogue blind, this formation is considered one of the most potent "double dps" 2v2 teams.

Warlock/Discipline Priest: 
By combining the healing power and survivability of a Discipline priest with the mana draining capabilities of both the priest and the warlock, this formation can put an end to the opposing teams healing capabilities very quick. When adding both defensive and offensive dispels to the mix, coupled with the priest and warlock CC abilities, this combination has the possibility to do very well if played right. If the priest is specced with Reflective Shield, it can prove very difficult for your opposing healer to keep up on both the damage and mana fight while eating mana drains at the same time.

Warlock/Holy Paladin:
Combining the mana efficiency of a paladin healer with the survivability of both classes and mobility thanks to cleanse and blessing of freedom, this combination can be particularly hard to run into when played well. Given the mana efficiency of paladin heals and the crowd control and kiting abilities of the warlock doing damage on the run, any healer/dps combination where the damage dealer relies on mobility to keep the pressure up will find this combination a challenge.

Warlocks in 3v3

Warlock/Warlock/Restoration Druid:
This composition can be particularly tough to come up against. All three classes have reliable, ranged crowd control abilities. Couple this with the druid's naturally high survivability against melee teams, the warlocks function as an excellent support mechanism for eachothers' and the druid's survival. Adding a double mana drain and cyclone to the mix, this combination can easily run an opposing team out of mana while CC'ing one or more people at any given time.

Warlock/Rogue/Restoration Druid:
This composition, while similiar to the previous in the fact that all three classes have powerful CCs at their disposal, trades some of the draining power of a second warlock with the "lockdown and control" abilities of a good rogue. Use of coordinated CCs is a bit more required in this setup, but used correctly after an opposing healer trinkets, a fear -> cylone -> blind -> sap combination is more than enough time to kill any player. Coordination and execution are keys for this combination.

Warlock/Warrior/Discipline Priest:
This team, basically adding a warrior to the Warlock/Disc Priest 2vs2 combination, can be a strong force when dealing with opposing melee teams. The warrior having the ability to keep opposing rogues and warriors snared at all times, combined with both offensive and defensive dispells and double mana drains, can make this combination hard to beat when played correctly.

Warlock/Hunter/Discipline Priest:
The traditional "drain team", where all three players have a mana drain of their own, can empty an opposing healer's mana bar in the matter of seconds. Combined with the hunters DPS, CC abilities and "Mortal Strike" shot, outlasting this combination is almost impossible. Opposing teams will have to kill quickly or face a loss. With two pets at your disposal, it will be extremely difficult for the opposing teams healer to get out of combat to drink. 

That being said, I will leave it to others to fill in other viable combinations for 2v2/3v3/5v5s, but suffice to say - I believe that there are plenty of very viable team setups for a warlock to take part in for all brackets.