Boubouille2007-07-21, 09:35 AMNew PTR items
First, 2 new PTR items submitted by Kalid. The gem pattern is sold in Halaa and the Darkrune Fragment is a new loot from [item=32777]. 


 

Pumpkin Head
Probably part of the haloween event, thanks to Zakenfein.




Trading Card Game
Upper Deck Entertainment  finally posted official informations about the trading card game and of course, the Spectral Tiger mount. There will be a 60 and a 100% available, and you'll be able to buy both.




For more informations about the TCG expansion and the two other loots cards Goblin Gumbo and Fishing chair, check UDE article 

2.2 Bugs
Hortus posted a list of bugs already reported on the 2.2 PTR.

Reported issues for 2.2 PTR
July 20th 2007

This is a list of issues that have been reported to QA via the PTR forums and the PTR Feedback tool.
***DISCLAIMER: This list contains issues that have been reported by players, this does not mean they have been verified by QA just that they have been reported and will be investigated.**

General
Many items have pink textures
Orc Shoulders are too small
Orc Off-Hand weapons are too small
1680x1050 resolution is not displaying properly.
Resilience is reducing dot damage by more than indicated.
Objects and terrain are fading at different distances.
Cro Threadstrong in Shattrath has a typo in his yells.
Druid Cat form range is inconsistent

Items
Darkmoon Card madness is not procing correctly
The Greatsword of Horrid dreams is mounted incorrectly when sheathed.
Major Protection Potions/Cauldrons are not proccing extras from Potion Mastery.
Libram of avengement is not applying buff when Paladin judgement is cast.
Typo in the tooltip of Figuring - Dark Iron Scorpid.
Idol of the Raven Goddess does not apply healing bonus in Tree of Life form.
Belt of the guardian and boots of the protector do not have models.
Medallion of the horde has no on use effect listed.
Twin Spire PVP buff persists after leaving zangarmarsh.

Spells talents and abilities
Hunter ability Volley is doing nature damage instead of Arcane Damage.
Rogue Seal Fate is not working.
Seal of Vengeance is not doing the correct amount of damage.
The Rogue talent Deadliness is increasing the effects of attack power debuffs.
The Brutalizer does not show enchanting particle effects.
Priest lightwell HoT ticks break stealth.
Tracking abilites persisting through death.
Hunter ability volley isn't displaying damage until the spell is complete.
Mage spell blizzard is not displaying damage in the combat log or on Scrolling combat text.
Hunter Feign Death is not immediately dropping aggro.
Shaman weapon buff spells have no animation.
The 4 piece set bonus of Warlock Corruptor set is being applied before +spell damage.
There is no animation for poison application.
Greater Blessings are affecting hunter and warlock pets in different ways.

UI
Execute and overpower announcements do not show on the scrolling combat text for some characters.
The [harm] conditional macro command is case sensitive when other are not.

Sound
Sound is crackling and popping at the character select screen
Sound is playing too fast
Sounds from inside an Inn continue to play after leaving.
The sound channels slider resets when logging on.
sound effects can be triggered multiple times causing other sound channels to stop working.
There is a clicking noise when hitting buttons that wasn't played before. 
[url=] Source