Boubouille2008-05-14, 06:54 AMUpdate #2 05:00PM CEST - DoT Powerleveling nerf confirmed. 
Update #1 10:50AM CEST - Added changes to the Archimonde encounter, layout of the undocumented changes list modified for a better readability. 

The patch 2.4.2 deployment is behind us, it's time to talk about everything that happened since the beginning of the week. 

2.4.2 Undocumented changes
The patch 2.4.2 had a few undocumented changes, newest additions from the Live patch have been added to the top of each category. This post will probably be updated multiple times today
 Hunter
Scare beast isn't instant and still have its 1.5sec cast time, even if the tooltip still says "Instant" this is an intended change and the tooltip will be reverted back to 1.5 sec in a later patch. Source + Explanation 
There is still a bug with Growl that is allowing it to scale with some pet attack power buffs as well as the hunter's attack power. This will be fixed in a future patch, until then enjoy the extra threat from these buffs. Source 



Spells
Bloodfury, Bloodlust Brooch, Bloodrage and Berserker Rage all use Bloodlust's sound effect now. Most of these changes are intended. Source 



Raids & Dungeons
Hyjal Summit - Archimonde Possibly bugged
Fire will now spawn -much- closer to Archimonde, and the pathing is entirely random.
Fire can target and chase Melee. Never possible pre 2.4.2.
Archimonde's hit box size has been increased
MT's are now able to be targetted by Air Burst.



Quests changes
The Quest "The Multiphase Survey ", where you retrieve surveys from Nagrand, no longer gives a [item=35232].



Professions
If you did a Void Shatter before the patch, you will have to wait for the end of the cooldown before you can do "cooldown-free" transmutations. This isn't really a bug actually, but it will probably save a few questions 



Powerleveling
According to a few reports, you cannot powerlevel anymore by DOTing mobs with a level 70 player and leaving the instance before they die. The XP of each mob has been greatly lowered.



Items
[item=37864] and [item=37865] are already available for 40 000 from the honor vendors and you won't have to wait for the beginning of Season 4.
[item=28234] and [item=28239] price has been lowered to 8 000
The proc for [item=34472] has been renamed to "Disdain" instead of "Heroism".
[item=34429] has been fixed and now affects the caster only. 
Caster weapons were not changed from Main-hand to One-hand intentionally. Source 
Naturalist's Preserving Cinch  and Borderland Fortress Grips  have been upgraded.
[item=19169] now has a chance to fail for targets above level 60
[item=19955] now grants 70 instead of 400 spell haste rating, and reduces the mana cost of Rejuvenation, Healing Touch, Regrowth, and Tranquility by -5% for 15 seconds. Screenshot 
[item=19958] now grants 70 instead of 400 spell haste rating and reduces the mana cost of your healing spells by -5% for 15 seconds. Screenshot 
[item=19954] energy bonus is now reduced by 4 points by level after level 60, lowering the energy bonus to 20 at level 70 instead of 40. Screenshot 



Zul'aman Bear Mount "removed" in WotLK
I wanted to give a very early head's up to all of you Zul'Aman raiders out there:

Once Wrath of the Lich King goes live, you will no longer be able to obtain the Zul'Aman bear mount by saving all 4 prisoners in the timed run. The Bear Mount will be replaced by a very good, epic item that is level appropriate for people doing the zone. To be clear, the Zul'Aman bear mount is supposed to be an item of very high prestige. We want players who have earned it during the appropriate era aka before the level cap gets raised to be recognized for their accomplishment. We have absolutely no problem with higher level players above level 70 going back and doing Zul'Aman after Wrath of the Lich King is live. We just want to preserve the accomplishment of having saved all 4 prisoners at the intended difficulty level.

We will most likely do something similar with the titles "Hand of A'dal" and "Champion of the Naaru" as well.

Please don't panic! You still have plenty of time to complete these feats! Wrath of the Lich King is coming along great but is not ready yet! In fact, we're not even in beta yet! So have fun adventuring for your bears and titles but please consider this your early warning.
And when someone asked if it would be possible to get another bear-type mount in WotLK ...
Polar Bear sound cool? 


M'uru encounter changes
We've changed the Negative Energy spells cast by M'uru and Entropius to no longer cause spell interruption on the target. This should ease the frustration of the encounter for those casting classes who can not obtain 100% resistance to spell interruption through talents and effects such as Concentration Aura.

This change is live immediately on the US realms, and realms in other regions will receive this change with the deployment of the 2.4.2 patch.
<a name="wotlknexus"></a>


WotLK - The Nexus
The blue Dragon Aspect, Malygos, was charged ages ago by the titans as the guardian of magic. More than ten millennia ago, he watched in horror as Deathwing all but wiped out the blue flight. Maddened by grief, Malygos withdrew to his lair and paid little heed to the rest of the world, emerging only when it finally seemed possible to avenge Deathwing's terrible crime.

Only in recent times did Malygos fully return to his senses. Upon reviving, he quickly assessed the state of magical affairs in Azeroth and reached the grim conclusion that magic was running amok throughout the world. He blamed this dangerous development on the mortal races and their reckless pursuit of magical power.



<object type="application/x-shockwave-flash" width="506" height="285" data=""> <param name="quality" value="best" /> <param name="allowfullscreen" value="true" /> <param name="scale" value="showAll" /> <param name="movie" value="" /></object>

Determined to forestall a catastrophe, Malygos decreed that the world's unbridled magic must be reined in by any means necessary. And so the great Aspect turned to the Arcanomicon, a map of the world's ley lines. Gifted to Malygos ages ago by the titan Norgannon, the Arcanomicon has been continuously updated and revised by the blue dragons over the long years of Malygos's seclusion.

Now Malygos uses the Arcanomicon to locate and tap into the ley lines, diverting the magical powers that course beneath the earth to his home base in Northrend, the Nexus. Once harnessed, the energies are focused through the Nexus' ascending rings and blasted into the Twisting Nether. Malygos's redirection of the ley lines has carried disastrous consequences, however, splintering the world's crust and opening unstable rifts: tears in the very fabric of the magical dimension.

Malygos' siphoning of the world's magic has not gone unnoticed by the mortal races. The weakening members of the Kirin Tor, the elite magi of Dalaran, have sworn to fight Malygos to the bitter end. In fact, the magi have used their waning powers to transfer the entire city of Dalaran to float above Northrend. From this vantage point, the magi prepare for the next step in their battle against the Lich King, and for the inevitable confrontation with Malygos.

However, not all of the Kirin Tor stand united. Several members have opted to side with the blue dragonflight in the hopes of retaining power. Transformed and bolstered by Malygos, these mage hunters are tasked with rooting out and, if necessary, destroying magical artifacts; killing or imprisoning individuals who practice magic without Malygos' permission; and aiding in the redirection of ley lines using massive constructs called surge needles.

The blue dragonflight's increasingly militaristic methods have been condemned by the red dragonflight. Charged with the preservation of life, the red dragonflight has vowed to neutralize Malygos at all costs. To this end, they have formed a council with the Kirin Tor, and the two groups have begun actively subverting Malygos's devastating campaign.

The sides have been chosen; the battle lines have been drawn. The only question that remains now is...

Who will win?

     
     


         
     


Blizzcon 2008 on October 10th and 11th in Anaheim
I couldn't post the full press release 2 days ago because of the patch, so here it is.
PARIS, France. May 12, 2008 -- Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. today announced plans for its third BlizzCon™ gaming convention, to be held at the Anaheim Convention Center in Anaheim, California on October 10 and 11. BlizzCon is a celebration of the global player communities surrounding Blizzard Entertainment®'s Warcraft®, StarCraft®, and Diablo® franchises. In response to the demand to accommodate more attendees, this year's event has expanded from two convention halls to three.

"Whenever we've been able to meet and interact with Blizzard gamers from around the world, it's been a great experience for us," stated Mike Morhaime, CEO and cofounder of Blizzard Entertainment. "We're looking forward to seeing even more of our players at this year's BlizzCon and delivering another entertaining and informative event for them."

BlizzCon will offer a wide variety of activities to help all attendees get the most out of the two-day event. In addition to serving as a gathering place for the different Blizzard Entertainment gaming communities, attendees will be able to enjoy:

Hands-on play time with upcoming Blizzard Entertainment releases
Discussion panels with Blizzard Entertainment developers
Competitive and casual tournaments for players to showcase their talents
Areas and activities devoted to licensed products such as the World of Warcraft® Trading Card Game
Costume, machinima, and character sound-alike contests with great prizes
Commemorative merchandise based on the Blizzard Entertainment franchises
A silent auction
More exciting activities to be announced



Tickets for BlizzCon will go on sale in the next few weeks at a price of $100 USD per person. As the event draws closer, further details will be announced on the official BlizzCon website: www.blizzcon.com 