Boubouille2008-01-03, 07:24 AMBlue posters are back ! No date given yet but 2.4 information are definitely coming very, very soon, you can always read the 2.4 Changes preview  while you wait. Technically, this could possibly means 2.3.2 next week too. Pure speculation, there isn't any official confirmation yet

2.4 - Badge of Justice gear
There isn't any plan to implant new Badge of Justice gear.
We currently don't have plans to implement new Badge of Justice gear. 


WotLK - Release date / Talents / Abilities
You won't get a preview of them until a long time misleading titles are evil. However we've got another confirmation that the 2.4 information are coming "soon".
I hope you aren't holding your breath on this as I don't believe any of this information is imminent. Information and updates on future content comes slowly so please be patient while we finalize and iron things out.

Details on patch 2.4 will be coming "soon" though.


WotLK - Death Knights
The idea was interesting, but quickly dismissed by Bornakk : You won't be able to "sacrifice" a character to get an improved Death Knight character by carrying over reputation, titles, equipment, or just getting a slightly higher level than newly created Death Knight characters. 
If you want to "sacrifice" a character, you are welcome to role-play it out that way, but we don't plan to force this on players just to try out a new class. Source 

I see what you are saying, the option is there for you to role-play it in such a way, but we have no current plans for characters and their items which I'm guessing is primary concern for this to be converted into a Deathknight. Source 


Hero Classes
It's always nice to have an official statement about this with all the rumors Blademaster, Necromancer, etc ... going around since the announcement of WotLK. Nothing is decided yet, period.
This just about covers it. We have announced and are developing the first and currently only Hero Class, the Deathknight. Because of this a lot of discussions have come up regarding future Hero Classes and the Demon Hunter is near the top of the "most often brought up" list due to its popularity and strong lore background.

Would a Demon Hunter be fun to play? Yes, but so would a number of other possibilities.

To be straight to the point: We have not announced any other Hero Classes at this point in time and we will have to wait and see what the future holds after the Deathknight makes its impact on Azeroth.


Penny Arcade Comic x2
The guys from Penny-Arcade.com  posted a 2-part comic about WoW FigurePrints 

Part #1 
Part #2 




 