Boubouille2008-07-02, 08:12 AMReminder : Registrations for MLG 3v3 Tournament in Orlando  on July 11/12/13 are now open ! 

WWI Code : Archangel Tyrael Mini-Pet in 2.4.3
People who attended the Worldwide Invitational last week end received a code for a mini-pet but couldn't redeem it in game ... Bornakk finally posted about this issue and revealed that the WWI pet will be a mini-pet of Archangel Tyrael available after the deployment of Patch 2.4.3 !
The code for the in-game World of Warcraft pet that was provided in the goodie bag at the 2008 Worldwide Invitational will be usable at our Pet Redemption Webpage   after patch 2.4.3 is released in the near future.

After you have received the in-game code from this webpage, the Alliance will travel to Stormwind and the Horde to Undercity to visit a new NPC where you will be able to claim the in-game pet.

The pet itself will be a miniature version of the Archangel Tyrael of Diablo 2 fame who will travel with you on all your grand adventures in Azeroth! Pictures of this amazing new pet will be available on the official website soon for everybody to check out. 
Below are a few pictures of Tyrael from various source Cinematic Teaser of Diablo 3, Diablo 2 in game. Also included 2 artworks from Diablo 3


   
   
 


Blizzard 4th unknown project
Blizzard representatives started talking about a new project, the first hint was in an interview with Rob Pardo on Onlinewelten.com ,id4103,blizzard_interview_with_rob_pardo.html, the other one is from Gamasutra  According to these interviews it wouldn't be surprising if the new game was a new franchise. 
4:30 A few months ago you offered a job on the official site to work on a next-gen MMO. A community manager added that it's about a game that hasn't been announced yet. Was this game Diablo 3 ?
No, obviously not, Diablo 3 isn't a MMO. We've got another dev team, there is still one unknown project. Source ,id4103,blizzard_interview_with_rob_pardo.html

Blizzard has very strong IP, but it also seems like all of it was created in the last century.
PS: First of all, that’s true that we’ve not introduced any new franchises this century. I think what it really comes down to is, we ask the teams what they want to make next.

I think the folks at our company are concerned, if they’re going to do a new franchise, that it be worthy – and that it be something that is equivalent or better than what we’ve done before, because they don’t want to do a franchise that’s not.

These are three of the best-selling franchises of all time, and very well-loved. So you’ve got a pretty high bar of trying to figure out what those franchises might be.

What I will say, though, is that the idea of a new franchise is very intriguing to employees of the company. Are we ever going to release a new one? I would absolutely say we will at some point. I just don’t know when that day will be quite yet. Source 


Raidguru Partnership - Sunwell Boss Guides
A long time ago we had boss guides on MMO-Champion, but with the news taking more and more time I just stopped updating them. This is where Raidguru.net  comes to help ! We are now officialy teaming up with them to provide you with their guides on MMO-Champion ! The first update are the guides for the 5 first bosses of the Sunwell Plateau and others will follow in the next day. Meanwhile, you can always check all of them on Raidguru.net  


   
   
 


Blue posts
Lake Wintergrasp Testing
There is still much testing to be done in this regard, Dominus. While we're not ready to delve into the more specific details about objectives and time lines for succeeding in Lake Wintergrasp, I can assure you this ambitious new world PvP zone has been given some serious thought and will undergo considerable testing to ensure it's not only successful, but enjoyable. For me, this new zone is probably the single-most exciting project with regards to Wrath of the Lich King content. Source 

Old World and new expansions
There are several areas in Azeroth that have yet to be completed. This is not to say that we never intend on revisiting some of these places. It's all a matter of timing and finding a way to fit in some of our older ideas with some of our upcoming content. For instance, the Stormwind Harbor makes sense now to provide the Alliance quick access to Northrend beyond flying to Menethil Harbor. Just the same we're opening the Orgrimmar Arena to put it to good use for some new challenges in Wrath of the Lich King.

You may well see other areas in Azeroth of which we've yet to make use come to life some day. Source 

Wrath of the Lich King and Gear upgrade
Wrath of the Lich King will work similarly to The Burning Crusade in that higher tiers of raid gear won't be replaced immediately and they may help out the leveling process but a person in blues may get upgrades from their first quest completion.

One thing I have been reminding players of is that we don't currently plan to completely redo a statistic this time like we did with stamina. Where in The Burning Crusade players saw items with a ton more stamina that lead to immediate changes to their gear, in Wrath of the Lich King you should more or less be seeing gear that is just higher level. Source 

European PTR Premade Characters
This topic is not forgotten, and we hope to be able to update you today or tomorrow. We just don't want to tell you something that we might have to take back afterwards. Source 


WWI Classes Panels - Updated with pictures
The WWI coverage continues 2 days after the event, Muarf was nice enough to send me a few pictures of the screens shown during the Class Panel ! The original post has been updated as well.

Worldwide Invitational Recap
PvP Panel  + 40 pictures
Raids & Dungeons Panel 
Wrath of the Lich King Screenshots & Artworks 
Class Panel +9 Pictures 
Q&A Grab Bag 




     
     
     