Boubouille2007-11-17, 07:52 AMOfficial Armory 2.3
A new feature is available on the armory  not available on EU armory yet : Guild Bank Management. After logging in, you will have access to the following features : 

Guild Bank Contents 
The Bank Contents page displays a grid depicting the contents of the character's guild bank, along with a search results section. Here are the features of the page:
The slots of the grid are labeled with a basic coordinate system which is referenced by the search results below.
Each guild bank has a maximum of six tabs of storage slots. The default view of the contents page is the first tab of the guild bank. To switch between tabs, click the icons below the grid.
Not all tabs may be displayed, as the guild leader must purchase them in succession for them to become available.
The search results section below allows you to see the contents of the bank in a sortable list. You can sort the items by name, type, subtype, page, and slot by clicking the column headers, and navigate between results pages with the arrow buttons.
The "Slot" column in the results section refers to the coordinates of the bank slot on the grid.
The drop-down menus are a different method to search for items in the guild bank of a particular quality, type, subtype, and slot. The name search field finds all items in the bank containing the text string you enter.



Guild Bank Log
In the Bank Log, you can view and search the record of every transaction that has occurred within your Guild Bank. Here are the features of the page:
In the default view, the results section displays all transactions in the most recent “group” of transactions, sorted by date and time.
Each group is comprised of over one thousand transactions. If you have multiple transaction groups in your bank log, you can click the arrows near the results list to navigate between groups.
Click the arrows at the top and bottom right of the results to navigate between pages of results in the group you are viewing.
The actual transactions you can see in a given group are limited by your guild bank permissions. Thus, it is possible to see far fewer transactions in a given group than actually were recorded during that period of time.
The results of the group you are viewing can be sorted by name, rank, origin, action, destination, item, and date.
You can search by character, date, type of transaction, or any combination of the above in your current group of transactions – narrow your search for fast and efficient results.
Selecting any of the filters narrows your search in real time – you should see the list of results instantaneously reflect your selections.
The two name search fields for character and item names find all matches containing the text string you enter.
The tooltips for items in the Bank Log do not display any permanent enchants or socketed gems that may be on those items.
Click "Reset Filters" to restore the default view.



Patch 2.3 Changes and Additions 
Several changes have been implemented to reflect the changes and additions of patch 2.3:
Expertise Rating: This new combat rating replaces bonuses to weapon skill rating on existing items. Item tooltips should reflect this change.
Bonus Healing items: Items that previously granted bonuses to healing effects now grant approximately 1/3 of that total as bonus spell damage as well. Item tooltips should reflect this change.
A new Zul'Aman loot table page has been added. Note that this page is subject to the rule of how items become eligible to be included in the Armory; that is, they must be discovered in-game before appearing. Thus, this page will appear quite sparse upon the release of Patch 2.3 but will gradually populate over time.
The Badge of Justice Rewards page has been updated with the dozens of new items available in Patch 2.3.
New Titles: New achievement-based titles such as "Champion of the Naaru" will display in your Character Profile if you select it to display from the in-game menu.



Miscellaneous Guild Page Improvements
Besides the addition of Guild Banks, there have been general improvements to Guild page functionality:
On the Guild Roster pages, new name and level range text fields as well as drop-down menus allow for more streamlined, focused sorting of guild members.
On the Guild Bank pages, your guild's actual rank titles will be displayed after logging in to view these pages. They can be seen on the Guild Log page, in both the transaction log itself as well as in the drop-down menu to filter by guild rank.
All guild pages now display the guild's actual tabard design at the top of the page.
A guild's Message of the Day and Guild Information can be seen on the Guild Bank pages. Like Guild Bank information, this is a login-protected feature.




Blue posts
General
There isn't any date for the 2.4 patch, they're still fighting with the 2.3 bugs. Source 
The Global Cooldown issues aren't ignored : changes have been made server side and more of them will come with the 2.3.2 patch. Source 
The Guild Bank Log through the armory is longer than the one in-game. It will probably change in the future. But we don't know yet if they will decrease the size of the one on the armory or increase the one in game Source 



PvP
The new Battleground, Regular Dungeon, and Heroic Dungeon daily quests are the same for everybody on the same realm, but are random for each realm. Source 



Quests
You need the Burning Crusade expansion to be able to get daily quests, even the PvP ones or any other quest in Azeroth. Source 


Tigole interview by Warcry.com
Warcry.com  interviewed Tigole who gave a few more details about the expansion and the 2.4.

Devs want to bring a sense of competition among guilds forefront of raid progression while still allowing the content to becomre more accessible to others over time.
The Death Knight will be tuned to be as useful as the feral druid when it comes to tanking. 
More daily quests will be added to level your reputation with different factions. Some of them will be added in the 2.4 patch.
Read the full interview on Warcry.com 