Boubouille2008-04-14, 02:38 PMUpdate 04/15 - Post updated with today's news: An interview about Arena Tournament on Gamespy, a few blue posts, and a nice video !


Season 4 rating requirements increased ?
The official armory has been full of surprises lately See Today's news  about the epic gems prices and we heard about a few interesting potential changes to the 2.4 patch. 

This time, the news is much bigger, according to two season 4 items activated on the official armory, the personal rating requirements on shoulders has been increased to 2200. For the moment we don't know yet if it's a definitive change, or if the requirements on weapons have been increased as well. 


 

 

This also means that we've got the stats of 2 additional season 4 items. Below are the stats gathered during the testing phase of the patch. 

Other item stats
Very important note : Most of these items have "outdated" stats, the armor on the sets should be slightly higher. The only armor set up-to-date with the latest version of the PTR is the Paladin one. Keep in mind that all of them are from PTRs and could have been changed since then. 

Weapons


Druid
[Brutal Gladiator's Dragonhide Tunic] , [Brutal Gladiator's Kodohide Tunic] , [Brutal Gladiator's Wyrmhide Tunic] 

Paladin
[Brutal Gladiator's Scaled Chestpiece] , [Brutal Gladiator's Scaled Gauntlets] , [Brutal Gladiator's Scaled Shoulders] , [Brutal Gladiator's Scaled Legguards] , [Brutal Gladiator's Scaled Helm] , [Guardian's Scaled Belt] , [Guardian's Scaled Bracers] , [Guardian's Scaled Greaves] 
[Brutal Gladiator's Ornamented Chestguard] 

Warrior
[Brutal Gladiator's Plate Chestpiece] , [Brutal Gladiator's Plate Gauntlets] , [Brutal Gladiator's Plate Helm] , [Brutal Gladiator's Plate Legguards] , [Brutal Gladiator's Plate Shoulders] 


Gamespy interview with Tom Chilton and Joong Kim about WoW Arena Tournament
amespy posted a 7 pages long interview  with Tom Chilton and Joong Kim from Blizzard, you should definitely read it if you're interested in Arena balancing and things like that. Below are a few quotes from the interview
[b] GameSpy: Have you looked internally at the distribution of players doing arenas on the live realm, separating those who are playing competitively with those selling teams or just tanking games to get gear?
Tom Chilton: We don't really have any way of knowing that. We can't distinguish what the intent of a given player is, whether they consider themselves to be competitive or whether they're just doing it for the gear or whatever. Certainly as far as players who are trying to exploit the system through loopholes, we have some changes coming in a patch just a few weeks away where we'll close a lot of those loopholes. 

GameSpy: Are you able to talk about those changes yet?
Tom Chilton: Not just yet. 

GameSpy: But we can expect the changes will be targeted at the point-selling teams.
Tom Chilton: Point selling, personal rating selling. 

GameSpy: The two big things that players seem like they're against are the point-selling teams, since you can face highly skilled and geared players at even the low ratings, and those who bring alts or friends on a team to tank a team so that they can then get a high personal rating on the real team.
Tom Chilton: Exactly, that's what we'll be addressing. 

A few lines about Death Knights
GameSpy: I'm interested in something you just mentioned, the Death Knights. They've been described as the class that's going to be the two-hand Tank, the class that'll tank unlike any class before. But that's a PvE role, good luck tanking in arenas. What are they going to do in arenas?
Tom Chilton: We definitely have to think about the Death Knight from all the different angles. We are starting to crystallize in our minds, how good the Death Knight tanks. What they're good at, what they're not good at. We have the core Death Knight mechanics already worked out. Their core spells and abilities. So they'll be filling their own tanking role. But in the same way, in the back of my mind as we design it, we have to figure out that they have their role in arena and have enough tools to be effective there too. 

And a last quote just for fun ...
GameSpy: We can also expect that the group composition that wins overall will get nerfed shortly afterwards?
Tom Chilton: laughs If it feels like that particular group composition dominated the tournament, then I would say yes, but not necessarily just the winners.

Read the full interview on Gamespy 

Wrath of the Lich King News
Most of the people reading this site aren't affected by this announcement I guess, but at least Blizzard is starting to communicate about WotLK. 
We're pleased to announce that our agreements with The9, our World of Warcraft partner in mainland China, and Soft-World, our World of Warcraft partner in the regions of Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Macau, have been updated to include the localization, operation, and support of Wrath of the Lich King for players in their respective regions. Further news, including release plans for each region, will be announced closer to launch. 

Arena Tournament - Cure Poison not available to Tauren Druids
It seems that someone forgot to add Cure Poison to the premade tauren druid's spell book, and Blizzard can't fix it anytime soon. 
We have bugged this, but as for when it will be fixed, we have no ETA. I wouldn't expect it to happen before the end of the First Qualification Round, not sure beyond that at this time either.


Landro's Guards Changes
The guards next to Landro Longshot  have been changed to let people hostile with Booty Bay get their Trading Card Game rewards without being constantly attacked. 
The changes to guard spawns have been made. As I said before you will still have to deal with the guards but it should be easier now. I've found that if you stand behind Landro it should be possible to speak with him without too much difficulty.

Being a Bloodsail Buccaneer is not meant to be easy. Dealing with the Booty Bay guards is the price you pay for the second coolest hat in the game mine being the coolest.


Your April 1st favourite!
The post has been updated with results, your favorite on was the new Molten Core: Unleashed!  console game ! 
In good tradition there has been a number of nor-entirely-true news around. We’d like to know which one was your favourite. If you haven’t checked them all out yet, here are the links:

Tauren Marine:  
Diablo Loot Piñata:  
Molten Core: Unleashed!:  
Bard Hero Class:  

Results
Tauren Marine: 11.84%
Diablo Loot Piñata: 1.89%
Bard Hero Class: 34.45%
Molten Core for consoles: 51.82%


Video - Never Stay Tuned 3
It always happens late at night, when Olibith is in front of the TV, channel zapping just before he falls asleep or run out of beer. With Special Guests : Baron Soosdon, Ian Beckman and Dopefish ! 


 