Boubouille2008-05-03, 11:29 AMArena Season 4 Items now in German and French
The season 4 item lists are now fully translated in German and French, I can't promise I'll do that everytime there is a major feature added to the game because it takes a tremendeous amount of time, but I guess it will make a few people happy.

The remaining parts of each parts of each post will be translated later today, any help on the german version would be greatly appreciated. 


 
 
 


The new Blizzard Store is now open
The new Blizzard Store  is now open ! You will find plenty of things here.
PC Games  - All the recent Blizzard Games are available you can also buy World of Warcraft Game Time here ! Note that Warcraft 3, Warcraft 3 TFT, and Starcraft are also available through digital download. 
Table Games  - Everything related to the WoW Trading Card is available, you will also find Starcraft/Warcraft/World of Warcraft board games. 
Apparel  - T-Shirts and caps. 
Books  - All the Blizzard novels are here, including the World of Warcraft ones of course. You can also buy Strategy Guides and a few other nice books. 
Collectibles  - Only Action Figures are available for the moment.
More Products  - Posters, DVDs, and a few other things. 



Also, the account will let you register to the Blizzard Insider newsletter and ... also be warned of any upcoming public betas for any Blizzard game.

European stores aren't available yet but according to this page  it's only a matter of hours/days before we see them online.


 


The9 Manually Set Chinese Realms' Isle of Quel'Danas Progress Via WoWinsider 
"The9, the company that operates World of Warcraft in China has announced today that all Chinese realms will have their Isle of Quel'danas progress manually set to be fully completed, since "all players have contributed as they should to the world event". They also apologized for the server problems players experienced these past few weeks, while wishing everyone a happy Mayday a four-and-a-half day holiday this year in China.

This rather drastic measure comes amidst widespread player complaints of their servers' poor performance after patch 2.4. Many of the more populous realms suffered frequent restarts and periods of downtime, especially at peak hours. As a result, a significant number of these realms also fell victim to rollbacks. Some of the hardest hit realms had their IQD progress reset multiple times in a single day."

Read the full article on Potato Skin 