Boubouille2007-11-01, 06:46 AMChanges to Alterac Valley mines in 2.3
More changes will be made to Alterac Valley in 2.3, and Salthem explains why mines are going to be more useful.
Just as a quick update to this, I have updated the opening post with some further changes planned for the 2.3.0 PTR:
If a side controls a mine, then every 45 seconds they will gain 1 supply. If they control both mines, then they'll get 2.
No side can ever have more than the max number of supplies currently the max is 600
The Herald yell text for taking a mine includes a line about getting reinforcements for owning it.
The 45-second ticker is on an independent timer i.e. the first "+" a side gets for controlling a mine won't be 45 seconds after they take it. It'll be somewhere between 1 and 45 seconds -- whenever the ticker ticks. 

OMG Void Reaver down in 53 seconds !
You probably heard about a Void Reaver kill  performed in 53 seconds with the help of a particular monster Let's call him Mr. Smith. Even if it looks fun, I could be a good idea to not do it if you don't want to make some GMs very sad, thanks for them.
This topic is the result of a known issue in the game mechanics.
Use of this issue in this fashion is considered an exploit and I strongly discourage you from using it in order to avoid any repercussions on your account.

Rest assured that issues such as this will be resolved in order to remove the temptation. : 
Other blue posts
PvP
There have been several reports of warlock and hunter pets getting stuck and disabled in the pillars inside the Arena. If you have any additional information, especially regarding locations, that may help us isolate this issue please post it in this thread. Source 



Items
There are no plans to reduce the [item=29434] cost for [item=23572]. Source 



Wrath of the Lich King
Naxxramas has been added to WotLK because it fitted very well with the story of Wrath of the Lich King. This is an exception and there probably won't be any more dungeons updated to provide a challenge for higher levels. Source 



Paid Name Changes
This service is permanent, there are no plans to remove it. Source 

Wintersabers faction changed in 2.3
First, keep in mind that this is a PTR change and maybe it won't affect live servers when the patch is released, but it seems that the reputation with Wintersabers Trainers will be much easier to grind in 2.3, the reputation awarded by repeatable quests has been changed from 75 to 250. 


 

Blizzard's 2007 Pumpkin Contest Winners
The top ten pumpkins in the annual pumpkin carving contest have been selected, and most of them are very, very impressive. Congratulations to the winners.


       
       
   