Boubouille2008-07-16, 01:00 PMWrath of the Lich King - End of the F&F Alpha
The Friend & Family Alpha is now officially closed, below is a post from Eyonix with obviously no "public" source available.
The Wrath of the Lich King alpha test has now come to a close. We’d like to thank all of you for your participation and invaluable feedback on the game. The World of Warcraft team is hard at work preparing for the next phase of testing, and each of you will be invited back to participate. We're also happy to inform you that we will not be wiping characters as we transition from alpha to beta. However, all current alpha characters will be locked for a short period of time, allowing new players entering the beta sufficient time to catch up. 

We look forward to seeing you all again in the Wrath of the Lich King beta test. 


2.4.3 Undocumented changes / Bugs
There are a few more changes to add to the list of 2.4.3 "features". Most of these bugs were listed and shamelessy stolen on Elitistjerks.com 

Interface
It seems that linking shift+click quests doesn't work anymore on some realms. 
Titan Panel might bug your interface and cause the GM Ticket icon to show up even if you don't have any ticket open. Please download the latest version  to fix this bug.



Hyjal Summit
Rage Winterchill now casts Death & Decay while Frost Nova is still active. 
Anetheron doesn't seem to summon his infernals. 



Sunwell Plateau
The Fel Lightning from Sunblade Protectors now deals Nature+Shadow damage instead of Fire damage before the patch. It looks like it's ignoring completely single-element absorption spells like Shadow Ward. 




 

Of course, players who attended the WWI can now redeem their Tyrael's mini pet code in game ! 


 


Arena Tournament Second Qualification Round Concludes
After several weeks of intense competition, the 2008 World of Warcraft Arena Tournament's second qualification round has come to an end. The qualifying teams from the second qualifier will join those from the first to face off in their respective regional finals. Regional finals will be held in the coming months in Boston, Madrid, Seoul, and Taipei. For more information on the tournament, please visit our Arena Tournament information  page. Thank you to all of the participants, and good luck to everyone who qualified for the regional finals! 


Wrath of the Lich King - Dalaran

Times change as do alliances or reasons to tolerate at the least an enemy. Dalaran and the magic users thereof and of all the world are finding themselves hard pressed to defend themselves against the Blue Dragonflight and Malygos who has woken up so to speak and found that, as the guardian of magic, too many have magic at their fingertips and he's not too comfortable with that. He's looking to wipe the slate clean so I hear and get things back into control.

Aside from that, we haven't discussed too much on how we're going to run this city as of yet. During the Worldwide Invitational we did talk about the new Arena that will be located in the Sewers of Dalaran. That should prove as a bit tantalizing for those interested.

Also keep in mind, there are the two starting regions for Horde and Alliance and of course the other places in between that should help serve as stopping points, refill stations and what have you. We'll be revealing more about this all though as we move forward. We are getting there, however, and I'm hoping that people will be pleasantly surprised, and if they aren't pleasantly surprised, I'd like them to at least pretend for my benefit. 


Wrath of the Lich King & Gold Sinks
Animal rescue centers will be set up by D.E.H.T.A Druids for the Ethical and Humane Treatment of Animals and the movement to rid the world of Nessingwary will need funding! Save the penguins! Save the world! /kidding

Or more seriously, I'm sure there will always be something worth spending your hard earned gold on. The new profession Inscription will be in, many people will most likely work on that, the new Death Knights will be in and people will be working to gear those up, get things enchanted, inscripted, need potions and whatever else.

Could there be new mounts? That's possible.
Need a haircut? You could spend a little getting one.

Finally planning that romantic vacation to Grizzlyhills? I hear that costs too. /joking here too

There will be things to spend on and I'm sure another shift in the economy to some degree. As I've found though, each realm tends to have their differences in what is valuable and prices tend to vary between them. We're working on making sure we're keeping the health of the economy in mind as we're developing. 


World of Warcraft Comic #9 Sneak Peek
The newest issue of the World of Warcraft comic book series from WildStorm will arrive in stores tomorrow, July 16. Lo'Gosh, Valeera, Broll, and Thargas make their way to Ironforge via a circuitous route through the Wetlands. And back in Stormwind, Prince Anduin suspects all is not as it seems with his father, King Varian. Check out the preview pages  now. If you like what you see, you can visit Wildstorm  for more information, locate a nearby comic store , or subscribe to the series directly  


           