Boubouille2008-01-24, 08:06 AMRogue - Cheating death bug
Yesterday I reported a blue post made by Hortus explaining that under specific timing circumstances, Cheat Death will sometimes reduce damage by 99% instead of 90%. It's not as bad as it look and it only affects the spell triggering Cheat Death, this is NOT 4 seconds of invulnerability for rogues.
When two spells land with exact timing activating cheat death the spells can receive 99% reduction instead of 90%. In the past when this happened the spells were not affected by Cheat Death at all.

This only affects the spells triggering cheat death and not subsequent spells and only happens under very specific circumstances which can not be purposely exploited. It does not give rogues "4 seconds of invulnerability" as some people have said.


Vendors in Boats and Zeppelins
They were supposed to be back in 2.3.2, and in 2.3.3, and they're still missing. It looks like fixing the bug is harder than expected and Blizzard can't give any ETA for a fix.
We had planned to get them back in recently, however, there were some issues of boats and zeppelins not functioning properly, so they were removed. While we'd still love to be able to get them back on duty, there is no definite eta on when or if this will happen.


Other bugs
Hortus answered on a few posts about other bugs too, let's hope that none of them will postpone the 2.4 to apply a minor patch once again. 
Rogue Stealth/Vanish breaking bug 
The issue with Stealth and Vanish breaking 5 seconds after sapping or breaking stealth has been hotfixed last night, It may not take effect until individual realms are restarted. Source 

Black Bow of the Betrayer breaks Scatter Shot 
This issue was briefly fixed but appears to be re-occurring, a new fix will be in a future patch. Source 

Eye of the Storm matches freeze and finish early on some Battlegroups
We are aware of the issues with Eye of the Storm Battleground on some battle groups, it is being investigated. Source 

Haste effects do not apply the correct amount of casting/attack increase
Example: 20% haste only increases cast speed by 17% 
The formula for haste effects is:
NEW_SPEED = OLD_SPEED / 1 + HASTE_PERCENT
This can be a bit confusing, but it assures that no amount of +haste effects will result in zero or negative attack or cast speed. Source 

Warp Splinter - Herbalism bug
It seems that you can't gather any plant from Warp Splinter in The Botanica, devs are looking into this issue. Source 

Fozruk looting issues
There is a bug preventing most of the people in the group to loot Fozruk's corpse after his death, this is a known issue and it will be fixed in an upcoming patch. Source 


Europe - Free Character Migration
Not really a surprise anymore, EU Realms get their free character migration too. See yesterday's news for US realms

French and German realms are getting free migrations as well. German post , French post 
Due to population differences between some of the highest and lowest populated PvP realms, the following Free Character Migration will be available January 23rd to 29th:

From: Drak'thul, Kazzak, Stormreaver, Sylvanas, Twilight's Hammer
To: Daggerspine, Dragonmaw

Please note that the migration may be closed at any time should a destination realm's population rise too high.

FAQ:  


New Fanart / Comic #6 cover
The official site has been updated with a new fanart , as well as an artwork [/b]  


   