Boubouille2007-05-16, 09:30 AMOne of the day where I ask myself "ok ... where am I gonna start with this news ?". I guess it will keep you busy at work. but of course you're not, otherwise you would be working instead of reading what I have to say

Black Temple official trailer and wallpaper
 

   


Northrend Map ?
A map of Northrend  was posted on wowguru a few days ago, the chance of this being a fake are quite high, but it's really accurate if you compare it to official informations, as a comparison I added a sketched map from an official source found on WoWWiki  

   


Cauldrons
I already posted a list of the cauldrons here , but in this post  Ninfea added a lot of useful informations. Cauldrons are actually discoverable by creating nature resistance potions, and I guess it's also confirmed that you'll need primal manas for all kind of cauldrons. 

   


New Hyjal Loots
Got these two bracers by ... searching on the PTR. I don't know who dropped them but the stats are nice. If you're interested in 2.1.0 raid loots I suggest that you check loot compilations from gsDKP.com  Hyjal Summit , Black Temple 

 


New Tier 5 Dungeons drop in 2.1.0
Irae AoD  took the time to raid Tempest Keep on the PTRs, and were rewarded with a new pattern dropped from the trash, we can assume that we'll see more of them.

 


Future features Via Stratics 
In the newest print issue of gaming magazine Games for Windows  lead producer Shane Dabiri is quoted "And it's no secret we're working on the next expansion." Now, I'm not totally surprised by this as WoW is an MMO and essentially needs new expansions to keep itself going. The exclusive story in GFW reveals some new little tidbits coming into our game after 2.1.

Guild Banks
Some of the key features of guild banks will be the ability to allow some of your members to use the money put in the bank for repairs from NPC's and bots, which will have a new option and reportedly will have hundreds of slots for items and such. The potential is ripe for abuse but Blizzard will have it set up so that transactions are documented on their website and abusers can be reported and Customer Service would then get involved.

In-game VoIP
Good-bye Ventrilo and Teamspeak! Blizzard is gearing up to add VoIP straight into the game for players that will help the problem of players not knowing or recognizing someone's voice and missing a critical heal or other critical game play needs. A players name will be highlighted when they are talking and you are able to click on their name then to select them and give them their buff/heal/etc.

There will also be the option to separate the voice chat from the game music sound to different sound channels. So you could in theory have the music and sound effects going through your regular speakers and the voice chat going through just your headset. To begin with, the VoIP will only be available to Parties and Raids but there may be room for expanding on that with custom channels presumably for guilds.