Boubouille2007-09-20, 04:50 AMLVL80 Naxxramas attunement
Attunement removed for the new Naxxramas.
Yaaarr! Current thinkin' be that there be no attunement, yarr, but possible ta change it be.

Enchantments at the AH
A few weeks ago and during the Blizzcon we had the confirmation that enchanters will be able to sell enchantments at the AH. It's not completely true, it seems that the most powerful enchantments will still need an enchanter. 
Actually, you may have missed that we are looking into making it possible for players to be able to sell some enchants on the Auction House at some point. We mentioned it at BlizzCon and have talked about it a little more on the forums here as well. The higher end enchantments will most likely still need you to find an enchanter.

Atiesh in LVL80 Naxxramas
It's been stated multiple times that old legendaries won't get upgraded in WotLK, however, it seems that they didn't make any final decision about Atiesh in the new Naxx.
We have made no final decision yet regarding Atiesh in the updated version of Naxxramas.

Arena Season 3 Rating requirements
Drysc posted an additional explanations about rating requirements on season 3 arena gear.
The difference between items season to season really isn't the amazing tide turner you're making it out to be. If it comes down to some type of AI simulation where each player is naked with only the weapons equipped, and they have equal skill, then you're right, you might not be able to advance. 

Luckily we don't live in a world of robotic skill equalization, and if you're able to advance to the higher ratings a handful of stat points isn't going to make or break you. The issue is purely, and simply, that you don't think you will be able to achieve a rating to get the weapon, and you want it. That's an understandable reaction, but I think it would do a lot for you to create a discussion based on that reaction, and not attempt to make reasonings elsewhere as to why it's a bad idea. 

We want specific items to remain "exclusive" to the higher end players. When you see someone in tier 6 you know exactly where they've been, and their progression. For PvP you may see someone with almost full season 2 and a bonegrinder, and then... realize they're on a ~1500 team. There's no visual status separation there, and that's what we want to achieve.

Voice chat downtime on PTR
Tigerclaw explains why the Voice Chat has been disabled on PTR for the moment.
"Temporarily disabled" does not mean "removed" since all the code is still in the client. 

There is some server hardware/software shuffling going on, which affects the servers that provide the voice chat service. 

Please note that we have the capability of selectively activating and/or deactivating voice chat on all or a chosen subset of WoW servers as needs require. 

Comics

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/siteImages/images/news/2007/september/gu0919.jpg http://www.gucomics.com/comic/?cdate=20070919 http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/siteImages/images/news/2007/september/lfg80.jpg http://www.lfgcomic.com/page/80

Website
The few issues we had earlier this week are now fixed, my mail is back online and you should get answers now. As usual if you spot any bug, report in forum/mail/PM.