Boubouille2008-01-25, 06:46 AMSunwell Plateau gear
Yesterday a blue post on german forums got a lot of attention, even from people not speaking german. In this post Zolphea German Communnity representative briefly mention Tier 7 gear, don't get it wrong there won't be any tier 7 set in Sunwell Plateau, that's just a reference to the non-set items that will be available here and we already talked about them a few weeks ago. 
In Sunwell Plateau, you will be able to loot gear with higher bonuses than T6. The armors will look similars between classes, there will be multiple colors but no unique design for each class.

If you're still hungry for 2.4 information, you can still check :
The good old 2.4 compilation post 
The Sunwell loots  posted a few days ago.





Missing honor bug
It seems that the bug preventing some european players to get their honor rewards under specific circumstances is now fixed. 
The missing Honor issue has now been resolved and as such the missing honor from the realms in the Bloodlust's battlegroup has now been awarded.

Please keep in mind that there is a difference between honor gained and honor estimated:  


Tuning in WotLK-Naxxramas
We didn't talk about it for a while, here is a small talk about the tuning of boss encounters in the "new" Naxxramas.
As far as Naxxramas changes, our Lead Designer talked about this a bit in the past, a fight like Thaddius will be pretty much the same where a fight like the Four Horsemen will need a fair amount of changes.

Think of it like this, if a 40 person fight requires numerous people to be continuously rotating around and sharing debuffs and whatnot, when we remove 15 people from the raid group, we can't require the same number of people to rotate, so it has to be updated to fit accordingly. How exactly it will be changed is unknown, but I'm sure we'll find out eventually.


Khorium Toolbox - Spare parts for less
The Khorium Toolbox  is a blog dedicated to engineer giving tons of useful tips to get the most money out of your profession. The latest post is quite interesting and lists all the way to get your reagents for cheaper than usual, by killing monsters or visiting the right NPC vendor for exemple. 

You can read the article on The Khorium Toolbox , and you should probably read the other ones too. ^^


European Realms - Cyclone Arena Tournament
The second Arena tournament of the Cyclone battlegroup is now accepting registrations. 

For the second tournament we have revamped most of the rules and now teams can only play with one setup so there will be no counter comping! The second tournament will be also 8 teams, 5on5, best of five, double elimination. We chose to have only 8 teams because with 16 teams there might be some problems with the skirmish system, maybe we will try with 16 teams later. For this tournament signups will be open for everyone and the admins will choose 8 teams who they think are most deserving to have a spot in the tournament. The signups open 24.1.2008 and end 6.2.2008. You can signup by contacting one of the admins at irc #cyclone.tour at irc.quakenet.org, when you signup we need your teams name&armory, Playersclasses[spec XX/XX/XX] Brackets will be generated 7.2.2008 and then you will know if your team made the cut.

The admins on IRC are Raphiron, Seita, and Vilu, you can also visit the tournament's website 