Boubouille2008-04-03, 06:26 AMWotLK Beta very soon ?
A nice change has been made to the official site,   is now working ! Well it's not really working, but it's effectively redirecting people to   on the server. Before yesterday it was only showing a 404 error, this could be the sign of an imminent opening of beta signups and it wouldn't be the first time something like this happens, the Wrath of the Lich King website was "detected" a few days before the Blizzcon using the same method.


 


Frostmourne Replica auction closed - Highest bid reaches $20,700!
A few days ago the Frostmourne Replica Auction  has been closed, and the two highest bid were respectively ... $20,700 and $20,600 ! The 3rd bid only reached the ridiculous amount of $12,000. I personally find it a bit overpriced for a sword, even if it's Frostmourne, but that's probably because I'm a hunter and I don't really use my melee weapons right ? 

You can see the top 100 bidders on Blizzplanet.com 


 


US-Proudmoore first realm to reach Phase 3
US-Proudmoore  players are the first to reach the Phase 3 of the offensive on Quel'Danas ! This will let them rebuild the anvil and access the new heroic badges rewards  ! Congratulations to them.
Watching the realm progress and wanted to give a shout out to all the Proudmoorians and their success thus far in taking back Quel'Danas! The Shattered Sun Offensive is surely impressed by your efforts.


EU Realms - Free Character Migration

Due to population differences between some of the highest and lowest populated PvP realms, the following Free Character Migration will be available April 2nd to 8th:

From: Burning Legion, Crushridge, Outland, Stormscale
To: Burning Blade, Dentarg, Haomarush

Please note that the migration may be closed at any time should a destination realm's population rise too high.

FAQ:  


Other blue posts
Power Word: Shield Sound Change
We can confirm that the sound change for PW: Shield is in fact a bug and will be fixed in an upcoming patch. Source 

Arena Tournament - Ireland eligibility
The arena tournament rules linked below have been updated, and Ireland IS in fact eligible to enter the Tournament. Source 

Bugged Release Spirit Window preventing resurrection
This is a known issue  I just added it to the list and will be fixed in an upcoming patch. Until it is fixed you can use the following script command to release your sprit "/script RepopMe;". Or you can wait 6 minutes for you to auto-release. Source 


What is your April Fools Favorite?
Blizzard started a small poll on both EU and US forums to know what was the April 1st announcement they enjoyed the most.
As a part of the yearly April Fools tradition, there were a number of shocking announcements that spurred conversation in many venues, but what we’d like to know is, which of these was your favorite?

If you missed any, check them out right now and put in your vote!

Tauren Marine:  
Diablo Loot Piñata:  
Molten Core: Unleashed!:  
Bard Hero Class:  

Poll on US Forums 
Poll on EU Forums 


02/04 Spotlight - BattleHeat
The focus of our latest World of Warcraft Spotlight is Blacksmithing, not the profession in-game, but one of the oldest crafts and a major cornerstone in building our modern world. While the profession has been around for a long time it still has much to offer us and a small dedicated group of “real life” armor blacksmiths inspired by the World of Warcraft universe were eager to show the community just how much.

We interviewed a member of the German workshop group BattleHeat, and talked about the creation of a paladin armor set, the challenges they face and their ideas for the future. Discover the heat of the battle and the ancient art of blacksmithing!

 


3 New Fan Arts
The Blizzard Fan Art Section  has been updated with new pieces of artwork. 


     