Boubouille2007-12-04, 06:57 AMNothing about the 2.3.2 today, might be updated later but don't get your hopes too high because the latest PTR build introduced a lot of bugs causing Errors #132 and I'm not sure if all of them are fixed. But nothing is impossible if we consider that servers are getting a 8 hours downtime and as usual the bot will be online on 
#mmo-champion on irc.quakenet.org irc://irc.quakenet.org/mmo-champion to announce when the servers are going up

Trinkets guide on PvPScene.com
Hey, it's still moving ! There is an obvious lack in news but I heard that quality is better than quantity. This time we've got a user submitted article with a nice Trinket guide 
Trinket Guide on PvPScene 





Blue posts
I guess the 2.3 patch and season 3 deployment killed the enthusiasm of our loved blue posters, however there is something that might make a few hunters happy.
Hunters/Ghost Wolves
Even if players weren't supposed to tame Grimtotem Spirit Guides in the first place, the devs agreed that this is a fun use of an in-game mechanics and they therefore have no plans to "fix" the issue. Source 

Heroic Mechanar
The Charged Fist on the Tempest-Forge Destroyers can do a lot of damage, but this is a nice challenge for the group and there are no plans to change them for the moment. Source 

Quests
Building money at low level isn't viewed as an issue, don't expect any addition of daily quests or anything helping grinding gold at "low" levels. Source 


New feature on Wowhead : In game item links
Wowhead  is everywhere ! Even in game actually. You can now get a line of code to copy in game by clicking the "Get in-game item link" next to each item on the site. Just paste it in any frame window, and you will be able to link the item to your friends by shift clicking it like any other item links ! 
Note: This won't work on items never dropped on your server, you will eventually get disconnected if you keep trying to link an item never "seen" by the server.


 


World of Warcraft - Unofficial Patch Trailer by Surgee
Less news, more media ! I don't post videos very often but this one is worth watching, and it will only takes 5 minutes of your precious time. 


 