Boubouille2007-05-17, 07:03 PMLatest update
A few funny changes were made in the latest PTR patch. Only the interesting ones are listed.
Soulstones: Soulstones can no longer be used on targets not in your party or raid. In addition, the soulstone buff will now be removed if the target or caster leaves the party or raid. Hardcore raiding !
Dodge Rating: Low level players now calculate dodge from dodge rating at the same rate as level 34 players. No more 100% dodge lvl 11 rogues
Rogues Sword Specialization: This ability now grants extra yellow attacks instead of extra white attacks. This change will make Sword Specialization no longer reset the weapon swing timer when it triggers off special attacks, and results in a net increase in damage dealt.
Warriors Sword Specialization: This ability now grants extra yellow attacks instead of extra white attacks. It also grants rage based on the speed of your weapon. This change will make Sword Specialization no longer reset the weapon swing timer when it triggers off special attacks, and results in a net increase in damage dealt. Reserve your Archimonde sword now
Motes of Shadow now primarily drop from void creatures and have been removed from nearly all demons. Time to buy them
Stackable items retrieved from mail will automatically stack in your inventory 
You are now able to right click a player name to report them to GMs. Wtf.




If you checked the previous news, you will notice that Forte  killed Archimonde easily with an exploit. The funny thing is ... They probably weren't the first ones. During one of my trip to the PTR, I "found" a lot of new loots from Hyjal, and I think that most of the new ones especially the weapons and the Robes of Rhonin are from Archimonde according to their itemID. I didn't want to post this news today but since Forte killed him, I guess it's fair to release everything.


Archimonde Loot Table

     
     
     
     


Weapons and Shields

     
     
       
     


Plate
     
     


Cloth
   
   


Leather
     


Mail
   
   