Boubouille2007-10-03, 04:49 AMWelcome to the 2.2.2 Patch ! Brewfest is now officialy open on all servers and you can find it outside of Ironforge or Orgrimmar depending on your faction. You can also check the end of the newspost for the Brewfest Guide. I'll probably tweak it during the day to reflect live changes

Patch Mirrors
As usual, I downloaded the patch from the downloader and it should be fairly safe, but of course you should use Blizzard Downloader if you think it's safer.
 WoW-2.2.0.7272-to-2.2.2.7318-enUS-patch.exe [Download ]
 WoW-2.2.0.7272-to-2.2.2.7318-enGB-patch.exe [Download ]
 WoW-2.2.0.7272-to-2.2.2.7318-deDE-patch.exe [Download ]
 WoW-2.2.0.7272-to-2.2.2.7318-frFR-patch.exe [Download ]
 WoW-2.2.0.7272-to-2.2.2.7318-esES-patch.exe [Download ]


Patch notes
General
Brewfest has begun and members of the Horde and Alliance can enjoy a multitude of activities, quests, items, and even Ram Racing. As Brewfest is about beer and food, revelers can sample the best beverages available in the world.
Hallow’s End: Observed by both the Horde and the Alliance, Hallow's End is the celebration of the break between the Forsaken and the Scourge. Adventurers can speak to innkeepers to get silly masks to wear during their adventures, and much more. This is just one way to celebrate Hallow's End.
New Holiday World Event: The Headless Horseman has been seen terrorizing local villages. 



World Environment
Added a new graveyard to the Southern Barrens.
Added a new graveyard to the Western Plaguelands.
Added a new graveyard to the Alterac Mountains.
Added a new graveyard to the Searing Gorge.
Added a new graveyard to the Badlands.
Added two new graveyards to Tanaris.
Added two new graveyards to Winterspring.
Added two new graveyards to Stonetalon.
Added two new graveyards to Un'Goro. 



This patch includes two seasonal events for players to enjoy, Brewfest and Hallow’s End.

Celebrated by both the Horde and the Alliance, the Brewfest is a time to enjoy the fermented fruits of the harvest: pretzels, cheese, and booze! The competing breweries Thunderbrew, Barleybrew, and the Ogres, all come together outside of all the major cities in a bid to outdo each other with their special ales, meads, and beers.

Revelers are working hard today to set up the booths and games in anticipation of the start of Brewfest tomorrow, October 3. The smell of the first fires are starting to waft through the air and inspire many an anticipating stomach to growl.

Observed by both the Horde and the Alliance, Hallow's End is the celebration of the break between the Forsaken and the Scourge. Adventurers can speak to innkeepers to get silly masks to wear during their adventures, and much more. This is just one way to celebrate Hallow's End. Read below for more things to do during spooky season on Azeroth!
Join in the Hallow’s End festivities starting on October 18, and you can find yourself face to pumpkin with the Headless Horseman. 

Engineer flying mount price
About 500 gold.
You will indeed be getting a flying mount only available to engineers. So far the news is that It’s a Flying Machine and will only be available as an Epic. You can get the plans at a Trainer and so far we believe the cost is about 500 gold in materials.

Muffin-factory Ritual of Refreshment information
A few more information about the new mage spell : Ritual of Refreshment. Pretty much the same thing as a Soulwell, but for food and water
Ritual of Refreshment gives Manabiscuits, which restore 7500 health and 7200 mana over 30 seconds. It's just about making life a bit easier for the mage, now everyone can grab what they want. We're not attempting to or currently buffing the water/food you would normally conjure.

Death Knight relic/ranged slot
Possibly a new type of item to fit specific to the Death Knight ? Sadly, it won't be cupcakes. :/
We haven't finalized how the Death Knight's ranged/relic slot will work yet, but I'm guessing it won't be for flowers or cupcakes.

Lags on US Servers
A lot of people are lagging badly on US servers, I suggest that you contribute with information in this post to have the issue fixed as fast as possible. See the post for a complete list of concerned realms
We're currently in the process of attempting to track down a latency issue affecting one of our server sites. We are working with our ISP in attempts to locate the source of the issue; which appears to be outside of our servers and network. If you are on one of the below realms and experiencing latency issues please provide your general geographic location and ISP.

Cyrillic characters in names
Congratulations ! You just got a free and forced name change. 
We wanted to inform players whose character names contain letters from the Cyrillic alphabet that they will receive an automatic forced name change upon the release of patch 2.2.2. Allowing the input of Cyrillic characters in names was the result of an accidental code change. We apologise for any inconvenience that this may cause. Cyrillic characters will still be usable in the in-game chat, however.

Legendaries not upgraded
I know it's been posted already, but people keep asking and keep dreaming, a small reminder is always nice.
Short answer: no. A little longer but still short answer: Currently we don't plan to put in a way to upgrade existing legendary items.


[anchor=brewfest] Brewfest guide October 3 - October 16 Alliance/Horde perspective
Now this is ram racing ... Almost Ram Tutorial
The first quest you will get is a tutorial on how to use a racing ram. You will need ram racing reins from the apprentice next to the quest giver to speed up with your mount, you can consider your speed like an energy bar that you fill everytime you use the reins. Basically, everytime you switch to trot, using the reins 4 times will get you to the "max" level of canter, using it a 5th time will change it to a galop, and smashing the button like mad will eventually exhaust your mount when your Ram Fatigue debuff reaches 100 and get you stuck in place for 15 seconds. You can also pass near apples buckets  to remove the ram fatigue debuff, there is one next to the signs after the bridge and another one behind the guy you need to see in Kharanos.

Daily Quest - There and Back Again
Reward : 10 tickets the first time, then 2 tickets for each keg delivered. You can only do it once a day and you still have the 4 minutes limit, however you will get extra time everytime you deliver a keg and you can get 20~25 tickets each day with a decent route
You need to get a keg from Flynn Firebrew in Kharanos standing on a hill on the right of the road, next to the armory/Bok Dropcertain just follow the road to Razor Hills. Bring it back to the quest giver and do this 3 times, you can use the apples buckets to make it faster, but you can do without it.

Did Someone Say, "Souvenir?"
Reward : [item=32912] Screenshot 
Just give the voucher to Belibi Quickswitch  Fixwidget in the Brewfest camp.

Daily quest - Bark for the Barleybrews!/Bark for the T'chali's Voodoo Brewery 
Reward : 15 Tickets
Time Limit : 4 minutes
You have to go to 4 flags see screenshot  in the capital with your brewfest mount and pass near them at all 4 locations from your quest log and your character will automatically say something.

Daily quest - Bark for the Thunderbrews!/Bark for the Drohn's Distillery
Reward : 15 Tickets
Time Limit : 4 minutes
You have to go to 4 flags see screenshot  in the capital with your brewfest mount and pass near the 4 flags in the locations given in your quest log. Your character will automatically say something.

Catch the Wild Wolpertinger!
Reward : [item=32233] Screenshot , This pet is actually invisible to other players
The point here is to ... drink, drink, and drink again. Buy wine from the wine vendor or anything else and drink until you feel completely smashed. The emotes will appear in this order : You feel tipsy > You feel drunk > You feel completely smashed. When you're smashed, you will be able to see the Wolpertinger for about 10 seconds, then they will disappear and you will have to drink again to make them reappear. This is how they look like when you're very drunk  or like this  if you don't have full screen glow activated

Pink Elekks on Parade Same quest giver as "Catch the Wild Wolpertinger!" but currently bugged and not available for all characters, it's not a daily quest anyway
Reward : 40 Tickets
Visit the beer gardens in Stormwind, Darnassus, the Exodar/Silvermoon, Thunder Bluff, Undercity they're small camp at the entrance of each city, see example  and zap 3 Elekks at each location. You have to be drunk as well for this quest.

Seek the Saboteurs
Every hour, Dark Iron dwarves will attack the brewfest camp Screenshot #1 , Screenshot #2 , Screenshot #3 , during the attack you can use Complimentary Brewfest Sampler in your inventory to throw them at the attackers, Belbi Quickswitch will give you a Brewfest Prize Ticket for each dwarf you knock down.
After the attack, you will be able to get a quest from plans on the ground  This quest requires you to go in Blackrock Depths Grim Guzzler tavern to find a guy. He roams in the room, behind the barrels most of the time, and will hide behind the plans seller see screenshot  when you come too close. Just talk to him and you will get the [item=34140] Screenshot 

Tickets rewards
You can buy tons of things with tickets. All these items including mounts and [item=33927] will last after the events. The "Honorary Brewer" hand stamp will let you buy [item=33976] and [item=33977] from the apprentice 10 gold for the normal mount, 100 gold for the epic one. You need 600 tickets for the mounts, 100 for the goggles. 

The mount is the same for horde players, and is permanent too.


     
   

And this is why you want the goggles, badly. Horde players will get a female orc transformation


       
     

The Headless Horseman information
He's not on live servers yet, but people will ask about it anyway. The Headless Horseman is a boss found in Scarlet Monastery's Graveyard during Hallow's end event. October 18 - November 1 You can easily take him down with a 5 man group probably 3 or 4 with a decent gear and chances are very high that you will get some epix. Among the loots you will find broom mounts, a rare and epic version of each mount, 60% and 100%/270% speed, non-flying and flying. A video of the 260% flying broo mount is available, streaming here  and high quality version download here 


 

   

       