Boubouille2007-06-20, 06:20 AMEuropean servers are currently patching, all patch mirrors are updated, I also added an important information about virus detection in the patch files. 
Also got screenshots of new PvP gear you can loot from PvE raid dungeons.

Patch Notes
2.1.2 Patch Notes 

PvP and Arena Season 2 Informations
See the PvP and Arena informations post 
2.1.2 Updated Arena Rating Calculator 



Patch Mirrors
You can consider these files secure even if you shouldn't rely on my not-so-reliable advice.
 Patch 2.1.2.6803 enUS [Download ]
 Patch 2.1.2.6803 enGB [Download ]
 Patch 2.1.2.6803 deDE [Download ]
 Patch 2.1.2.6803 frFR [Download ]
 Patch 2.1.2.6803 esES [Download ]

New Serpentshrine Cavern Loots
Don't know if they drop from one particular boss or if the drop locations are just random. They dropped from Hydross / Lurker Below / Morogrim. 
And ... OMFG BUFFY LOOT !  Sorry.





Important : If you're getting virus alerts from the patch from the Blizzard downloader or from here, it doesn't matter, please read this post  on the official forums.
We've been in the process of investigating this issue and we have been able to confirm that this is indeed a false-positive detection by a few anti-viruses in regards to the Blizzard Downloader. The Blizzard Downloader, which is used to download patches, does not contain a trojan, virus, or other malicious code.

We have been working directly with many anti-virus companies to resolve this, some of which have already deployed updated virus definitions that resolve this error. We recommend updating your definitions if you've received this false positive related to the Blizzard Downloader, and that you continue to check for updates as a resolution should be available soon if it is not already.
[url=] Source

Don't forget that even if this warning is false, it doesn't mean that all of them are. Don't go retarded with your antivirus thinking that you're safe. You're never safe on the interweb, the bad guys, they're watching us, everywhere.