Boubouille2007-09-26, 10:31 PMZul'aman on PTR First week of october.
Temporarily moving this to the top of the page, make sure you check the 3rd update for interesting informations about daily dungeon quests.
Q : ETA on when zul'aman will hit ptr for testing?
Q : hopefully, first week of october.

2.3 unofficial patch notes
Update 3 : Update 3 is here, let's hope I won't run out of colors. Huge update about dungeons quests, cenarion expedition mount is 280% speed and added a factions category.
Update : Second update is here, also added a different color for it along with the new number.

Well, they're not really patch notes, but we've seen tons of posts concerning class changes in 2.3 lately probably because the 2.2 went live, and it's way easier to list them like patch notes instead of doing 300 blue posts report. I planned to do them myself but bumped into this post  in the way, which means that these notes are heavily based on it. 

Anything with a 1 next to it has been updated during the first update, 2 will be the 2nd one ... etc. New updates are posted at the top of each category to make them easier to find

General
4 Escape Artist has now a 1:45 minutes cooldown.
4 All Disarm immunity effects in the game were changed to 50% disarm duration reduction non stacking.
3 Auction's duration have been changed to 12, 24 or 48 hours. Also deposit prices for all duration will be the same. 
3 You can now ctrl+click recipes to get a preview of the crafted item in the dressing room.
3 All items of the auction house will be sorted server side, basically it means that when you'll try to sort a particular item by price, it will sort it through all page, not only the current one.
Healing Reduction effects now affect all Drain spells and abilities i.e. Mortal Strike will affect Drain Life Source 
Level 20-60 Quest EXP has been increased, while EXP to Level has been decreased Source 
Guild Banks are being added to the game. Source 
New relics are added to support all talent trees in patch 2.3 for Shaman, Paladins and Druids. Most of the arena-system existing Relics have been renamed to create a more consistent naming convention Source 
+Healing bonus will give 33% of spell damage as well 1500 Healing bonus will give you 500 Spell damage Source 



Raids & Dungeons
3 New daily quests are available in the Lower City for 5 man heroic and non-heroic dungeons Once at a time, a bit like battlegroundw weekends, each day you will get quests for a different dungeons. The following non-heroic dungeons are concerned : Shattered Halls, Steamvault, Shadow Labyrinth, Black Morass, Botanica, Mechanar, and Arcatraz. All dungeons will get quests in Heroic mode. If you're getting the non-heroic and the heroic quest on the same day for the same dungeon, you can complete both by running it in heroic mode once. Non heroic quests will reward you with a Ethereum Prison Key various reputation, gold, and reputation with the Consortium. Heroic quests will give you 2 Badges of Justice, gold, and reputation with the Consortium.
2 Mobs inside Sethekk Halls will now continue to award Lower City reputation all the way into Exalted. Previously they stopped giving reputation in non-heroic mode just before players hit revered.
2 The number of creatures that must be killed in the Karazhan Servants Quarters area before a miniboss spawns has been reduced.
New Title - Champion of the Naaru: Awarded to those who complete the Tempest Keep attunement quest at level 70. Won't be available anymore at lvl 80 Source 
Heroic Badges drop from Zul'aman and Karazhan bosses.
The amount of items available from the Heroic Badges vendor has been considerably increased. 
New 10-Man Raid - Zul'Aman!



Zul'aman
Zul'Aman will be a 10-person raid zone
Zul'Aman will be on a quicker reset than 7 days some might call this "casual"
Zul'Aman will be MORE difficult than Karazhan and drop better loot some might call this hardcore
Zul'Aman will feature 6 bosses and it's our goal that you can kill them all in one night -- perhaps 2-3 hour clear times some might call this casual
Zul'Aman will not have a key requirement. Nor will it have an attunement quest\ some might call this casual
Zul'Aman will have a VERY challenging timed quest for those who choose to participate in it. This *will be* hardcore and will be very rewarding. Players do not have to engage in the timed run very similar to the Baron run in Stratholme
We're tuning the first boss in Zul'Aman to require less raid coordination than some other raid bosses. He will still hit very hard so you'll need to be geared properly but it won't take 15 minutes to explain the fight. It will be a simple yet challenging fight. The other boss fights get more complex and challenging from there. If players want a basis of comparison, imagine the tuning of ZA started around Nightbane/Prince difficulty and ramped up from there.



Factions
3 You can buy now buy Super Mana and Health Potions from Ogri'la quartermaster. They're usable everywhere and costs 50 Apexis Shard.
3 New Flying Mount added. Requires 2,000g and Exalted with Cenarion Expedition. 280% Speed Source  



PvP
4 New healing wand for Season 3 Arena.
4 New Melee PvP Cloak added to the game: 34 Stamina, 20 Crit, 20 Resilience, 46 Attack Power, 112 Armor Penetration.
4 New Caster PvP Cloak added to the game: 34 Stamina, 15 Intellect, 16 Spell Crit, 23 Resilience, +27 Spell Damage/Heal.
4 New Healer PvP Cloak added to the game: 34 Stamina, 15 Intellect, 6 mana/5sec, 23 resilience, +51 healing +17 spell dmg.
4 Vengeful Gladiator's Waraxe added to the game: 62 Stamina, 46 Crit, 33 Resilience, 15 Hit rating, 92 Attack Power, 98 Armor Penetration. Waraxe Cost: 1000 arena points no rating requirement.
3 New battleground rewards are available : boots, belts, and bracers. Source 
1 New daily quests for battlegrounds have been added, they're dedicated to one specific battleground each day, are available to players of all levels, and reward experience, gold, and honor Source 
2 Spells now cast for free before a Battleground begins
2 Spells now cast for free for 5 seconds after resurrecting at a Spirit Healer in Battlegrounds
2 Additional Honor is rewarded upon conclusion of Warsong Gulch, Arathi Basin, and Eye of the Storm 



Arena Season 3
4 You will need 1850 Team and Personal rating to buy weapons.
4 You will need 2000 Team and Personal rating to buy shoulders.
4 All items in the gladiator season 1, 2, and 3 sets will be part of the same set, so you can use those items interchangably and keep the set bonuses
4 Many of the Arena Sets bonuses have been updated.




Mages
2 Detect Magic removed. All players may now see their target's beneficial effects at all times
2 Frost Ward and Fire Ward now gain additional benefit from +Dmg
2 Frost Ward and Fire Ward Ranks 5, 6 have had their base absorb lowered 
Damage coefficient reduction is removed from Improved Fireball/Frostbolt. Source 
New spell : Ritual of Refreshment. It will allow players to pick up their own stack of food/water, similar to a Soulwell. Source 
Evocation restores 15% of your total mana every 2 seconds instead of being a spirit-based mana regen increase. Source 
Arcane Meditation is being increased to 10/20/30% mana regeneration. Source 
Ice Barrier gains additional benefit from spell damage bonuses. However, the base absorb values of ranks 5 and 6 have been reduced. Source 



Shamans
2 Item - Tidefury Raiment now grants additional mana to Water Shield
2 Item - Totem of the Thunderhead now grants additional mana to Water Shield
2 New Talent - Shamanistic Focus: After landing a melee critical strike, you enter a focused state. The focused state reduces the mana cost of your next Shock spell by 60% 
New Talent replacing the 2 Handed weapons one - Elemental Focus: Puts you in a "focused state" after landing a melee critical strike, reducing the mana cost of your next Shock spell by 60% Source 
All shaman can equip 2-Handed Axes and 2-Handed Maces without spending talent points. Source 
Frost shock is no longer subject to diminishing returns. Source 
Shamanistic rage also reduces all damages taken by 30% for the duration of the ability 30 seconds in addition to its current effect. Source 
Spirit weapons reduces melee threat by 30% instead of 15%. Source 
Mental Quickness adds 10/20/30% to spell damage and healing bonuses based on your total Attack Power in addition to it's current effects. Source 
Lightning Overload now has a 4/8/12/16/20% chance to proc Source 
Lightning Overload damage has been decreased by 50% Source 
Lightning Overload now causes 0 threat Source 
Lightning Mastery reduced to .1/.2/.3/.4/.5 seconds Source 
Mana Spring Totem now restores mana at a rate of 20 mana every 2 seconds Source 
Water Shield now costs 0 mana to cast, and the mana per globe has been substantially increased Source 
Water Shield's duration has been reduced to 1 minute, and grants mana for each globe left upon ending Source 
Elemental Focus will now reduce the mana cost of your next two damage spells by 40% Source 
Lightning Bolt casting time reduced to 2.5 seconds, and mana cost decreased Source 
Chain Lightning casting time reduced to 2 seconds, and mana cost decreased Source 



Druids
1 Many new macro inputs as well as druid 'cancelform' becoming an instant like 'dismount'. Source 
Cure Poison and Abolish Poison may now be cast in Tree of Life form Source 
Remove Curse may now be cast in Moonkin form Source 
Rebirth cooldown reduced to 20 minutes Source 
Intensity increased to 10/20/30% mana regeneration. Source 



Warlocks
2 Banish may no longer be cast on targets tapped by other players 
Ritual of Souls has had it's casting time significantly reduced. Source 
Healing Reduction effects now affect all Drain spells and abilities i.e. Mortal Strike will affect Drain Life Source 



Warriors
1 Weapon Mastery has been changed to reduce the duration of Disarm effects by 25/50% Source 
Mace Specialization proc has been reduced Source 
Mace Specialization Rage increased to 7 instead of 6 Source 
Tactical Mastery now greatly increases threat from Mortal Strike and Bloodthirst while in Defensive Stance Source 
Devastate now combines the effects of Sunder Armor into it's effect, and is affected by all talents and items that affect Sunder Armor Source 



Priests
4 Elune's Grace Night Elf Priest Racialeffect changed to reduce chance to be hit by melee and ranged attacksby 20% for 15 seconds. There is now only 1 rank of the spell.
4 Power Word: Fortitude, Divine Spirit, Prayer of Fortitude and Prayer of Spirit will have their mana costs reduced. 
1 New Dwarf/Draenei ability - Chastise: Causes Holy damage and incapacitates target for 2 seconds Source 
1 Fear Ward will now be available to all Priests at level 20 Source 
1 Fear Ward duration reduced to 3 minutes, and cooldown increased to 3 minutes Source 
Power Word: Shield gains additional benefit from spell damage and healing bonuses. However the base absorb values for ranks 10, 11, and 12 have been reduced. Source 
Pain Suppression is castable on a friendly target, it reduces the target's threat by 5% and reduce the damage it takes by 40%. Source 
Pain Suppression cooldown is reduced to 2 minutes. Source 
Meditation is increased to 10%/20%/30% Mana regeneration. Source 
Prayer of Healing, Circle of Healing and Holy Nova healing effect gain additional benefit from damage and healing bonuses. Source 
Circle of Healing base amount of healing is reduced, but it gets more bonus from +healing effects. If you have more than +1338 healing you will see it heal for more. Source 



Paladins
2 Vindication Retribution frequency and duration increased and now reduces all attributes by 5/10/15%, not just Strength and Agility.
2 Pursuit of Justice Retribution is now 3 ranks and increases movement speed by 5/10/15% and also reduces the chance you'll be hit by spells by 1/2/3%. 
Exorcism's mana cost has been lowered Source 
Holy Wrath's mana cost has been lowered Source 
Hammer of Wrath's mana cost has been lowered Source 
Vengeance has been increased to 30 seconds Source 
Improved Seal of the Crusader effect added to base abilitiy Source 
Improved Seal of the Crusader now gives the effects of Sanctified Crusader Source 
New Talent - Sanctified Seals replacing Sanctified Crusader: Increases your chance to critically hit with all spells and melee by 1/2/3%, and reduces the chance your Seals can be dispelled by 33/66/100% Source 
Crusader Strike cooldown is being lowered to 6 seconds. Source 



Rogues
2 Poisons now enchant weapons for 1 hour
Fleet Footed increased to 15% speed increase 
Deadly Throw traveling speed is being increased significantly, it will reach your target faster and the snare will last one second longer. Source 
Ruthlessness won't be triggered by Deadly Throw anymore, and Ruthlessness will be changed to only affect melee finishing moves as a whole. Source 
Blind no longer requires a reagent, is changed to a physical attack, will share the same diminish category as cyclone, and will diminish in PvE as well as PvP. Source 
Shadowstep can be used at any time even when you're not stealthed. After the use of Shadowstep threat caused by the next Ambush, Garrote, or Backstab will be reduced by 50%. The cooldown will be increased to 40 seconds. Source 
Dirty Deeds increases the damage of special attacks by 10%/20% against targets that are below 35% health in addition to its current effect. Source 



Hunters
2 Trueshot Aura Marksmanship no longer costs mana to cast and will last until cancelled.
2 Serpent Sting, Immolation Trap and Explosive Trap now all gain additional damage based on 10% of your ranged attack power.
2 Wyvern Sting Survival is now instant cast and has a maximum duration of 10 seconds in PvP.
1 20 and 24 Slots ammo pouches have been added Source 
Arcane Shot Rank 6+ will now dispel 1 Magic effect in addition to damage Source 



Engineering
4 Flying Mount added for Engineers. Regular and Epic version. It will not require any Nether Vortex. Source 
4 New Field Repair Bot will repair, buy, sell, like a normal repair bot, but it will also sell all reagents, level 65 arrows and bullets, poison reagents, few types of vials, up to 2 super mana/healing potions, and maybe some scrolls. These are all for sale, with no rep discount, because he’s a robot. Source 
New Plans - Field Repair Bot: Dropped by Gan'arg Analyzers in Blade's Edge Mountains. Source 




Enchanting
2 Duration of Wizard and Mana oils has been increased



Fishing
Fish nodes Tracking may be learned from a journal fished from crates Source 
New fish added near Karazhan and Zul'Aman Source http://



Cooking
New Daily Quests Source http://
New recipes added for fish found near Karazhan and Zul'Aman. Source http://



Interface
1 Mailboxes are upgraded to handle up to 12 items per mail. Source 
1 Auction House scanning will receive its own API letting you scan the whole AH every 15 minutes with any addon. Source 
1 Many new macro inputs as well as druid 'cancelform' becoming an instant like 'dismount'. Source 


Arena and personal rating requirements in 2.3
Finally got some values and information about the new "personal rating"
Well to start we'll just let everyone know that the arena RATINGS not the number of points they'll cost required to purchase the season 3 items will be 1850 for the weapons, and 2000 for shoulders. The rating will not be required to continue using the item, only to initially purchase it.

Now, most people have expected the weapon rating since we announced it at BlizzCon, and it's a bit lower than we had initially said, but the shoulders are obviously going to raise some questions. The shoulders for any set are commonly the most visually representative, they're the most visible at any distance, and as they allow a lot of space compared to say a leg or bracer item, we commonly take them and really create something visually impressive. We want that visually impressive item to represent what a player has achieved, and so the achievement of being a contender in the arena at a higher level will be visually distinguished. The shoulders are also average in the benefit they provide, as compared to a chest or leg item for example, and without them the set bonuses can still be completed.

This raises the question of a player finding a team that is of a skill level higher than their own, and simply buying the item with points they've gained at a lower rating. To restrict this we're implementing a personal rating system in patch 2.3. This is an additional arena rating that is unique to each character for each team they belong to. This rating rises and declines using the same formula as the arena team rating, but only in games that character participates in. You'll also be able to track this rating through the PvP interface. The personal rating will be used for purchasing items that require a specific rating, and also be used to determine eligibility for the end of season rewards. So, a player will have to achieve a specific rating, and not just get into a team to see the rewards that are meant to visually distinguish the high-rated players.

Battlegrounds daily quest
We've got more details on battleground daily quests now.
We have some new daily quests targeting a random battleground each day. You'll want to keep an eye out for Alliance Brigadier Generals and Horde Warbringers near your faction's battlemasters in all major capitals. The battleground daily quests will reward gold, experience, and honor. You’ll be able to begin these as soon as you’re able to enter the battlegrounds themselves. So if it’s a WSG day, and you’re level 11, you can take the quest.

2.3 Fast release
Zul'aman and most likely the 2.3 patch will be released fast according to all the details we're getting.
Zul'Aman is done. We just need to get the raid dungeon on the public test realms, and make sure it sees extensive testing. Don't worry, it won't require the same amount of testing as voice chat. I feel few truly understand what it took to impliment voice chat, and test it properly.

New Cenarion Expedition mount in 2.3
Daghorn, a french Community Representative said in a blue post that a new mount will be added to the Cenarion Expedition in 2.3. It's included in the patch notes above but I guess some people will want a translation of the source.
Concerning flying mount, we plan to add a new one in the 2.3 patch. It will be buyable from the Cenarion Expedition once you're exalted and it should cost about 2000 gold.

1 hour delay on AH mails
So ... why are the money from your AH sales delayed ? 
This is in addition to the mail change that we made previously in patch 2.1.3. By adding in the delay we can better track transactions to assure the legitimacy of them. This change will help us to better ensure the legitimacy of such transactions and further prevent the unlawful influx of currency into each realm’s economy. Players will still receive their items immediately, but it will take one hour for the coins to show up in your mailbox.