Boubouille2007-10-04, 05:20 AMFirst, Brewfest is being hotfixed from everywhere, that's why we've got tons of blue posts today. If something doesn't work yet 

And the next PTR patch is ...
2.2.3 ! Blizzard critically hits you for at least one or two more weeks. 
We will be updating the PTR for 2.2.3 PTR soonish.

I do not have any more information about the PTR at this time, when specific information is available it will be posted here.

Please delete your WoWtest folder from within your World of Warcraft Directory and wait until an announcement is made before downloading the new patch.

I would advise not attempting to copy characters until an announcement is made unless you want them to end up on the wrong server like 2.2.2

No premades for 2.3 PTR
According to Drysc, it's possible that they won't allow premades for the 2.3 patch. I know it's a huge contradiction with the previous news but hey, I don't write blue posts
There's been no announcement to suggest premades won't be available, but if I had to guess, there won't be.

We generally want new dungeon content to be tested, and feedback given, by those already able to attempt the content and provide meaningful feedback based on difficulty relative to their existing characters.

Cenarion Expedition mount 2.3
It's a hippogryph.

Engineering mount 2.3
There won't be any droppable plans, you will just learn it from the trainer.
The Flying Machine design should be ready and waiting on an Engineering trainer for anybody who wants to put it all together.

Spell damage bonus on +healing 2.3
It will affect everything, items, enchants, gems.
It includes enchants, gems, and all other items. The only exceptions are temporary buffs, and some BC leveling greens with "of the..." stats, and some Zul'Gurub items, as there is a current limitation on how many different stats can be distributed on an item, which we're working to extend for the future.

Fury/Arms Warrior tanking changes 2.3
I guess it will make tons of warriors and groups happy. 
While we don't currently plan to add new healer options, we plan to make the Death Knight a viable tanking option and changes are coming to Warriors soon that should allow Arms/Fury warriors to be more viable tanks.

Kael'thas encounter hotfixed Live servers
The fix for the issue with Kael's enchanted weapons gaining unattended extra health is live everywhere.

Keg delivery quest twice a day Live servers
With the increase of tickets rewarded from this quest, it might be a good idea to run this often.
Something I just learned, the keg delivery quest can be repeated every 12 hours. It's on an invisible timer and isn't considered a "daily" quest.

Belbi's Goggles are now permanent Live servers
Hurray, gnomish world all year long ! [item=33047] are now permanent.
A hotfix has been applied that removes any duration on the goggles, and they are now permanent. However, until the next full patch release the duration timer will continue to display on the item, even though it has no impact on the permanence of the goggles.

Brewfest hotfixes Live servers
Sometimes, PTR is not enough. Iron Dwarves attacks have been temporarily removed from the game, rewards from "barking" quests and "there and back again" have been increased temporarily too.
We've recently applied a number of hotfixes for the new Brewfest holiday event.

As we’ve seen a large number of issues stem from the Dark Iron attacks on Brewfest, both for our players and the game service, they have been temporarily disabled. At this time we’re still in the process of evaluating the situation and developing a better solution; however we hope to see the Dark Iron dwarves resume their attacks as soon as possible.

Until then we’ve increased the ticket rewards for the daily "Bark For..." quests from 15 to 40 tickets, and for the keg delivery quest which can be completed every 12 hours we've increase the value of each keg to 3 tickets. This still allows everyone to gain tickets at a rate comparable to what we intended the average player to be able to achieve before the Dark Iron attacks were disabled. For some players, especially on realms where tickets from the attacks were difficult to achieve, the amount of tickets received per-day could actually be increased.

As the Dark Iron attacks have stopped, we’re removing the ability to obtain a “Complimentary Brewfest Sampler” by /waving at Brewfest barkers and maidens this hotfix will be applied soon. This will remain disabled and should the attacks begin again the samplers will be obtained through alternate means.

We’ve also hotfixed the Brewfest goggles to remove their duration. They are now permanent! The duration timer will continue to show until the next patch, but it will not affect the permanence of the goggles.

For further updates regarding any changes to Brewfest please continue to check this thread.

Pink Elekks on Parade Live servers
This quest should be hotfixed, however, if you could complete it twice today it's only because of the hotfix, it's not a daily quest. But you still won't be able to see it if you don't have Burning Crusade since it requires you to go to Silvermoon/Exodar.
Pink Elekks on Parade is not a daily quest. There was a one-time reset to fix those who could not get the quest initially, so some were able to complete it twice. Apologies for the confusion.

New Email scam going
Do not ever ever ever trust emails from people pretending to be Blizzard. This one is pretty new and promises you a WotLK Beta key. Obviously the URL doesn't really work and you will reach a non-official website when clicking it, where your account name and password will be asked. Don't do that. 

And seriously, never type your login and password on any website except if you typed the www.worldofwarcraft.com http://www.worldofwarcraft.com or www.wow-europe.com http://www.wow-europe.com adress by yourself. Links are evil.


http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/siteImages/images/news/2007/october/scammail_small.jpg http://www.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2007/october/scammail.jpg http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/siteImages/images/news/2007/october/scambeta_small.jpg http://www.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2007/october/scambeta.jpg