Boubouille2007-08-14, 08:20 AMMatchmaking system
When the 2.1.0 was released, Blizzard included a new feature in the patch : the battleground matchmaking system. The official description is "This system allows the battleground to select teams of similar equipment quality and organizational level to battle each other. For now, the system will be very forgiving about creating matchups in order to keep queue times low. However, the parameters will be adjusted as necessary when more organized teams become active in the battlegrounds. "

But it doesn't seem to work, battlegrounds are still totally random, and there isn't any noticeable change ... So where is the matchmaking system ? Drysc answered that on the forums.

It's in there, it's just extremely laid back in how picky it is, or in other terms: it's not going to take a long time to match people up. There aren't a very large number of players participating in battlegrounds at all times, at least not enough to tighten up the settings. We don't want to tune the system so that it's matching people really well at say... prime time on an AV weekend, and then have someone wanting to play on a Wednesday night at 4AM have to wait an hour or two to find a match. 

So there's really a couple contributing factors. Really first and foremost the only way we're going to be comfortable tuning the system to start forcing more specific matchups is if there's a larger number of consistent players interested in the battlegrounds. That is mostly based on the battlegrounds themselves, new battlegrounds coming, and probably ultimately how well they're incentivized. All things we're aware of, and all things that AV changes, AFK reporting, queue changes, new battlegrounds, new rewards we're seeing come to a solution at a single point on the horizon. 

Even at some point in the future where we could potentially pull the reins in a whole lot, and attempt to force extremely specific matchups, it's never going to be perfect. I don't believe we would ever get to the point where we're going to make you wait indefinitely just so that you never see a twink again, or a premade team, or someone with better gear than yourself. At that point you wouldn't care who you're up against, you just want to get in and get your mark, or get what honor you can. Getting in and fighting in a lopsided battle IS better than not fighting at all. 

It is working though, and loosely matching players up very quickly. It's one of those invisible under-the-stage mechanics though that you could easily assume does nothing at all unless it's perfect. 

Source 

Hyjal Summit
Now, we know where the matchmaking system went, time to resolve another mystery ! Where is the Infinite Dragonflight in Hyjal ? Tons of speculation going because of the large part of the instance that remains unused See our wonderful map  But according to Drysc, they're just not here.

It's a "time pocket" if you will. There's no intended link to the Infinite Dragonflight or their dastardly deeds of altered timeways, and you're not literally interacting with history. It's simply a way for players to experience some of the larger moments in Warcraft history, and admittedly the Mount Hyjal instance isn't really linked to the world for any rhyme or reason. The timeway presented itself, it's an amazing opportunity to be there and experience such a major event, and Archimonde drops phat purples.

Source 

Meanwhile, on PvPScene.com
See the recruitment post ! 