Boubouille2007-09-05, 12:39 AMSeason 3 Weapons
You all know that you will need a "decent" rating to buy arena season 3 weapons, but in this blue posts, Drysc mentions the fact that this isn't a definite and final change ... Anyway it shouldn't be more than 1800 or 1900 so it won't be that hard. 
A weapon isn't going to keep your 1300 team from competing with the best teams.

The change is being made to help keep the nice PvP rewards for the good PvP players, and the nice PvE rewards for the good PvErs. Having the weapons there is too tempting for PvE players to come in, not care about PvP, their team, or rating, and jump in just long enough to go for the weapons and then leave. It's not exactly in-line with the team and ladder based PvP competition the arenas are there for.

Also, there's been no announcement on a final rating. I remember hearing 1800 at BlizzCon, some people say they heard 1900, in any case it's likely to be around there but there's still no final number announced... or even if it's a definite and final change.

Source 

PvP Titles
You can expect more titles in the future, including old titles back from the grave. 
More titles will be introduced to the game in the future, and some of the old PvP titles may likely be reintroduced to the game as well at some point in time, however we have no more specific information on this available to us at this point in time. 


I don't really know anything about tabards, but I too would love to see more of those being introduced to the game... I like flavour, so it could indeed be cool to see more tabards like ones that are common and can easily be purchased or crafted, but also more rare or unique ones that can only be gained through quests or reputation rewards or are rare drops and loot.

Source 

Hunter Quivers
They've got something scheduled to help you fill your bags with tons of [item=31737] !
Moving them the quivers/pouch bags off to their own slot isn't something we're looking to do at the moment, but we are looking in to helping with the ... lacking quiver/ammo pouch sizes.

Source 

Enchantment changes
Sunfire, Soulfrost, and Battlemaster enchantments got changed on the PTR. They now requires a lot more [item=22450] but less primals. 


 

 

 