Boubouille2008-04-07, 10:21 AMKeyboard issues with Avast 4.8
If you're using Avast 4.8 as an antivirus and a lot of players probably do, the latest update might cause keyboard problems while playing World of Warcraft. Most of the time you will experience a "keyboard lag", after pushing a key the game will only react 2 or 3 seconds later. 
There was some mention on the French forums about Avast 4.8, there was an update released this week that for some seems to be causing problems.


WoWHead updated with new features
During the last week, Wowhead has been updated with a bunch of new features.

The Wowhead model viewer  has now been updated! You can now view 3d models for armor pieces , item sets  and humanoid NPCs ! You can even change the race and gender you want them displayed on, and the model viewer will remember what you selected.

In addition to the added support for character models, the following improvements have been made to the model viewer:

Both Versions
Added model bones to support placement of weapons/armor.
Moved from COLLADA format to a custom binary model format for faster loading times.
NPC models set to an animated, cooler-looking pose.
Added anti-aliasing.



Flash
Motion blur effect when spinning models
Texture softening



Java
Viewport sized to fit
Sprite tinting



Any bugs related to the model viewer should be reported here.

Next up, Wowhead now supports quest tooltips ! All sites that are Powered by Wowhead  will automatically have this same feature added.

Also, Wowhead is very excited to announce the addition of a brand new feature--NPC Ability Listings  The Wowhead Client  now automatically gathers data on the abilities that NPCs use, and automatically uploads it to Wowhead. Finally a use for all of those Uncategorized Spells!


4 New artworks
Sonsofthestorm.com  has been updated with 4 new warcraft-related artworks : the Warcraft Comic Cover #7 by Samwise  and 3 other arts by Raneman 


   
   


Comics
Today we've got a new Dark Legacy comic directly taken from their forums  and ... kittens  ! 


   


2.4.1 Known issues list
Hortus updated the post listing all the known issues with the game, and I know you love reading long lists of annoying bugs on Monday. 

General
Spells that create a buff that chains damage to a secondary target can chain to a critter
Players are able to have pets out while mounted by logging out.
Zoning after a pet has died or has been dismissed can cause an "Internal Pet Error".
Abilities and spells that chain to secondary targets do not calculate combat reach for each potential unique target.
Swimming while in Wisp Form produces an odd animation.
Male Blood Elves do not place both hands on polearm-type weapons when swinging them.
The /clap emote is not emitting sound if performed more than once.



 Druid
Mangle's talent link tooltip indicates a 100 yard range.



 Hunter
Initial trigger or activation sounds for Immolation Trap rank 6 and Explosive Trap rank 4 cannot be heard by Classic WoW players.
Swapping your current pet for a stabled pet while mounting will cause you to receive an error "You do not have a pet to summon" when you use Call Pet.



 Mage
Molten Armor will not deal damage to an attacker if the mage is protected by a damage absorbtion shield.
Noxious Breath will cause Arcane Missiles to only deal damage during the first volley.
Seal of Wrath applies to non damaging attacks causing it to break Polymorph. 



 Paladin
Crusader Strike is adversely affected by Seal of the Crusader.
The Bladestorm effect from the Ravager item proc has its channeling broken by refreshing paladin judgments.
The Paladin talent Precision displays Daggers and Staves as a weapon class in the link tooltip.
There is a discrepancy in the combat log when casting Paladin healing spells.



 Priest
The Priest Talent Power Infusion consumes an inconsistent amount of mana when cast on yourself.
Touch of Weakness doesn't reduce the melee damage of attacker.



 Rogue
Cloak of Shadows do not remove the curse Shrink.
Mutilate is being written to the combat log multiple times when used.



 Shaman
Frostbrand rank 5 and Frostbrand rank 6 do the same damage at level 66.



 Warrior
Whirlwind has a new sound. 



NPCs
Disorient effects are being inconsistently applied to Black Blood of Draenor mobs.
Pig pets are not making footprints.
Kalecgos' Human form is incorrectly casting his Revitalize spell on targets without mana.
Zul'jin will occasionally land a melee swing on the victim of his Claw Rage or Lynx Rush target.
Internal messages will occasionally be displayed in the Vazruden the Herald encounter of Hellfire Ramparts.
Shared Bonds cast by Sister of Pain is applied inconsistently and is not able to be dispelled.
Sunblade Imps in Magisters' Terrace are sometimes not resetting properly.
High Astromancer Solarian no longer calls for help from the trash in her room when engaged.
Nightbane's Charred Earth ability is dealing physical damage.
Internal messages are displayed in the combat log when Sinister Reflections spawn during the Kil'jaeden encounter.
The tooltip from Mennu The Betrayer's Tainted Stoneskin Totem is incorrect.
Internal messages are displayed in the combat log after Gruul the Dragonkiller casts Ground Slam.
Hunter's Mark does not appear above Shield Orbs .
It is possible for pets to get stuck in place after exiting the Spectral Realm in the Kalecgos encounter.
Shield Orbs are missing portraits.
The death emote voice-over for Kael'thas Sunstrider in the Magister's Terrace continues after he has already died.
Felblood Initiates will occasionally change sex if reset after being transformed into an Emaciated Felblood.
Wretched mobs in the Magisters' Terrace are not resetting properly near Selin Fireheart's room.
The Sunfury Nethermancer's channeling animation doesn't stop when they're melee attacking.
The selection circle for the Spider critter is huge.
Mage Blink cannot be cast while stunned by the Sunblade Mage Guard Glaive Throw ability.



UI
If you are saved to 10+ instances, the Raid Infos are overlapping at the second row.
Paladin healing spells used in castsequence macro's are not completing the cast sequence when a rank is not specified.
The hunter's spell Dismiss Pet "fades" from player 1 minute after dismissing pet.
If Scrolling Combat Text is activated and Auras is selected, some spells that do not give auras will show up in green in the scrolling combat text.
Casting some spells with Auras selected for Scrolling Combat text, will show the notification twice.
Casting Mass Dispel when Auras on Scrolling Combat Text is enabled will show <Mass Dispel> multiple times depending on how many targets are affected.
When updating to 2.4.0 Interface Options are not all updated correctly.
Calling a filter where "Unknown" checkboxes are the only options enabled under Message Sources generates a Lua error.
Debuff sizes are not scaling properly in size based on who cast the debuff.
The Okay and Cancel buttons in the General Log window do not have sound.
The guild log scroll bar does not always properly display what it's supposed to.
The school of magic in the combat log concerning buffs that "reflect" damage onto the attacker is repeated.
Changes to some Interface Options are not undone when clicking Cancel.
Toggling <Party Members' Pets> in the Party & Raid, Interface Option already in a party does not change the state of the party UI.
The Combat Log displays all events after logging in until a filter is selected.
There's a typo in exhausted damage message.
Find Minerals and Find Treasure are not showing when activated or fading in floating combat text.
Instant and channeled abilities that do not have a target are generating a past tense line in the combat log.
Some of Interface dropdown changes are not discarded when canceled.
Pet skill damage appears on the screen while Pet damage option is disabled.
The World PvP Objectives display is not updating changes made in the interface menu until you relog.
The visual for the checkbox for the Camera interface options are not saving on logout.
Unchecking default checked settings in the General and Combat Log Config menus will not save properly after logging out.
The name of Temporary Weapon Enchant buffs do not show up in the combat log when they are dismissed.
Dying and disconnecting causes you to be unable to release.



Quests
There is a typo in Harbinger Inuuro's gossip text after the Sun's Reach Armory is captured.
There are typos in the quest "Maintaining the Sunwell Portal".
Abilities/trinkets that trigger after killing an opponent that gives experience or honor are being activated after killing mobs during bombing quests.
Completing the quest "Arcane Refreshment" does not teach the spell Conjure Water.
Completing the quest "The Journey Has Just Begun" does not teach players how to make an Onyxia Scale Cloak.



Items
Several procs from items are breaking crowd control effects such as Scatter Shot.
Using a Papa Hummel's Old-Fashioned Pet Biscuit does not initiate a global item cooldown.
Vengeful Gladiator's Rifle 34530 is using a inconsistent sound.
The Nexus Key staff is giving an inconsistant amount of bonus healing.
The name "Swift War Elekk" is shown in the casting bar when summoning the Black War Elekk.
Bow strings are not being lit in 2.4.0.
The Arcane Strike proc from Shattered Sun Pendant of Might is breaking crowd control effects such as Scatter Shot.
It is possible to dodge, block, and parry the proc Arcane Strike from the Shattered Sun Pendant of Might
The Brutal Gladiator's Rifle is emitting a Bow sound effect upon use, despite the item being a Gun.
Certain socket bonus modifiers do not display the healing that they provide.
Draenei female horns will not protrude correctly through certain helms.
The tooltip for Skyshatter Helmet's gem socket bonus +9 healing does not include the additional spell damage.
Arcane Charges used in the quests "The Air Strikes Must Continue" and "Distraction at the Dead Scar" deals fire damage despite the name "Arcane".
Shifting Naaru Sliver summons a Power Circle for a duration inconsistent with its tooltip.
The tooltip for the 4 piece bonus of the Dragonhide Battlegear states that the movement speed increase affects travel form even though it does not.
The pushback resistance part of the Battlecast Garb set bonus does not seem to be functioning.
The reduced cooldown of Shaman Nature's Swiftness provided by the 4 piece set bonus from the "Seer's Ringmail Battlegear" PvP armor is not applying.
The Cloak of Swift Mending , dropped from Selin Fireheart in the Magister's Terrace on normal difficulty, does not have a level requirement.
Brann Bronzebeard's Lost Letter is displaying a damage range in its tooltip even though this item is not a weapon.
The set bonus for the Crusader's Ornamented Battle Gear and Crusader's Scaled Battle Gear have a typo in their tooltip. Environment
In Silithus, there is a Tornado that needs sounds.
In Heroic Magister's Terrace, the door in Selin Fireheart's room will respawn with no boss to kill to open it, leaving players unable to proceed.
Attempting to enter the Caverns of Time: Hyjal Summit raid instance without being in a raid group, without the expansion installed, or below level 65 will return the the old Hyjal error message stating that a play must have "...friendly or better reputation"



Battlegrounds
The Berserking power-up found in Battlegrounds makes no sound when acquired.



PC
There is a slight popping noise that occurs when running while using the Creative X-FI sound card.



Mac
On Macs with nVidia 8800 cards, when a full-screen effect is active, the top row of pixels is black or garbage.


<script src=""></script> <script>$WowheadPower.set{showlogo:1,applyto:2};</script>