Boubouille2007-08-17, 12:08 AMThe PTR has been updated with a new build, few interesting changes here. 

See also
2.2 PTR Patch Notes  Without the following changes
Major changes compilation 



Dungeons and Raids
Tempest Keep
Arcatraz
The Devastate cast by Unbound Devastators is now Physical damage.
The recast time for the Defeaning Roar spell cast by Unbound Devastators has been increased on Heroic mode.
Wrath-Scryer Soccothrates' Knock Away can no longer be dodged or parried. This will help prevent the catastrophic placement of multiple flames on top of each other.
Harbinger Skyriss cast his Fear spell less often.



Botanica
The time between casting of Thorgrin the Tender's Hellfire has been increased.
The time between casting of Thorgrin the Tender's Sacrifice has been increased in Heroic Mode.
Thorgrin the Tender's Enrage ability now increases his melee damage by 75% instead of 110%.



The Eye
Phoenix-Hawk Hatchlings now Wing Buffet less frequently.
Crimson Hand Centurions now deal less damage with Arcane Flurry.
Crimson Hand Battle Mages have had their Frost Attack damage reduced.



User Interface
The Hunter ability Kill Command no longer affects their current target.
Warlocks can no longer get both Fel Stamina and Sacrifice Shield using a macro.



World Environment
If you get a positive reputation from combat you also get the corresponding opposite reputation reduction.
Crypt Fiends around Azeroth and at Hyjal Summit are now more totem friendly.
Fel Corruptors in Blade's Edge Mountain are now less potent.



Bug Fixes
Fixed problem where players could be disconnected by clicking on an item link in cross-server battlegrounds.
Pets no longer follow enemies after being revived. 



Source

Also, a few changes that aren't in the patch notes yet.

In the next major content patch the following items will be flagged as Bind on Pick-up BoP. They are currently not bound at all. If you possess one of these items, be sure it's on the character of your preference. 

[item=32883]
[item=32882]
[item=22905]
[item=22531]



[url=] Source 

Meanwhile, on PvPScene.com
PvP Battlegrounds And The State of Large-Scale PvP 