Boubouille2008-05-01, 09:31 AMUpdate : Added a screenshot of the item prices, more screenshots of the armors, and two new weapons - the Brutal Gladiator's Blade of Alacrity  and the Brutal Gladiator's Swift Judgement  


Season 4 Vendors are now on PTRs. They are PTR stats and could be changed at anytime before the release on live realms.
Prices are the same as current season 3 items. 
Personal rating requirements aren't on the items, but will be here in the live version, scroll down to the blue post by Drysc for the details.
Some of the usual high-resolution screenshots have been turned into very-high-resolution screenshots especially on armors, any feedback on them is appreciated. 



Item prices
Screenshot of all item prices 

Armors
 Druid
Brutal Gladiator's Sanctuary 
Brutal Gladiator's Refuge 
Brutal Gladiator's Wildhide 

 Hunter
Brutal Gladiator's Pursuit 

 Mage
Brutal Gladiator's Regalia 

 Paladin
Brutal Gladiator's Aegis 
Brutal Gladiator's Redemption 
Brutal Gladiator's Vindication 

 Priest
Brutal Gladiator's Investiture 
Brutal Gladiator's Raiment  Rogue
Brutal Gladiator's Vestments 

 Shaman
Brutal Gladiator's Earthshaker 
Brutal Gladiator's Thunderfist 
Brutal Gladiator's Wartide 

 Warlock
Brutal Gladiator's Dreadgear 
Brutal Gladiator's Felshroud 

 Warrior
Brutal Gladiator's Battlegear 


Others
Guardian's Pendant of Conquest 
Guardian's Pendant of Dominance 
Guardian's Pendant of Salvation 
Guardian's Pendant of Triumph 's Band of Dominance 
Guardian's Band of Salvation 
Guardian's Band of Triumph 


Weapons
New weapons
Brutal Gladiator's Blade of Alacrity 
Brutal Gladiator's Swift Judgement 
Brutal Gladiator's Hatchet 
Brutal Gladiator's Waraxe 

Brutal Gladiator's Bonegrinder 
Brutal Gladiator's Baton of Light 
Brutal Gladiator's Barrier 
Brutal Gladiator's Battle Staff 
Brutal Gladiator's Bonecracker 
Brutal Gladiator's Chopper 
Brutal Gladiator's Cleaver 
Brutal Gladiator's Decapitator 
Brutal Gladiator's Endgame 
Brutal Gladiator's Gavel 
Brutal Gladiator's Greatsword 
Brutal Gladiator's Grimoire 
Brutal Gladiator's Hacker 
Brutal Gladiator's Heavy Crossbow 
Brutal Gladiator's Idol of Resolve 
Brutal Gladiator's Idol of Steadfastness 
Brutal Gladiator's Idol of Tenacity 
Brutal Gladiator's Left Render 
Brutal Gladiator's Left Ripper 
Brutal Gladiator's Libram 
Brutal Gladiator's Longbow 
Brutal Gladiator's Mutilator  Gladiator's Painsaw 
Brutal Gladiator's Piercing Touch 
Brutal Gladiator's Pummeler 
Brutal Gladiator's Quickblade 
Brutal Gladiator's Redoubt 
Brutal Gladiator's Reprieve 
Brutal Gladiator's Rifle 
Brutal Gladiator's Right Ripper 
Brutal Gladiator's Salvation 
Brutal Gladiator's Shanker 
Brutal Gladiator's Shield Wall 
Brutal Gladiator's Shiv 
Brutal Gladiator's Slicer 
Brutal Gladiator's Spellblade 
Brutal Gladiator's Touch of Defeat 
Brutal Gladiator's Staff 
Brutal Gladiator's Totem of Indomatibility 
Brutal Gladiator's Totem of Survival 
Brutal Gladiator's Totem of the Third Wind 
Brutal Gladiator's War Edge 
Brutal Gladiator's War Staff 

Armor models screenshots

Male Human

         
         
         


Female Blood Elf

         
         
         


Rating requirements
While Season 3 is still going strong, we wanted to announce ahead of time the rating requirements that will be present for arena items once Season 4 begins. We also wanted to give everyone a heads up to some changes that will be in an upcoming patch, altering how points are gained and players are matched in the arena system. The patch with these changes is scheduled to release before the start of Season 4.

First though, the rating requirement changes:

When Season 4 begins, Season 3 items will be reduced in personal and team arena rating requirement to:
Shoulders: 1950
Weapon: 1800

The new Season 4 items will have the below personal and team arena rating requirements:
Shoulders: 2200
Weapon: 2050
Head: 1700
Chest: 1600
Legs: 1550
Gloves: none
Off-hand: none

In addition, some of the Season 4 quality items that will be purchasable with honor will also carry a personal and team arena rating requirement:
Boots: 1700
Ring: 1650
Bracers: 1575
Belt: none
Necklace: none
Trinket: none

The Season 2 items, which will move to the honor system when Season 4 begins, will continue to have no rating requirement.

The changes to the rating requirements for these items reflect the nature of the items, their power, and the relative difficulty that should be had when attempting to obtain them. These items are comparable to those found in the newest 25 person raid zone, Sunwell Plateau, and should therefore also feel very challenging to obtain.

To help ensure that the challenge in obtaining these items stays true to those achieving these ratings, we'll also be implementing new rules with an upcoming patch to curb practices that undermine the core concepts of the arena system. These rules are as follows:
If a character’s personal rating is more than 150 points below the team rating, they will earn points based on their personal rating instead of the team rating.



This means that a player cannot join a highly rated team and begin earning points based purely on the pre-established rating of the team before they joined it. They'll need to compete, improve, and gain a personal rating worthy of the points they would receive.
If the average personal rating of the players queuing for a game is more than 150 points below the team’s rating, the team will be queued against an opponent matching or similar to the average personal rating.



This means that players cannot join a highly rated team and immediately face highly rated opponents, easily and quickly bringing their personal rating up. Instead they'll need to again compete, improve, and earn their rating.

We're excited to see these changes implemented, which will continue to emphasize the strong competitive nature of the arenas, and the challenge in obtaining the highest end rewards available for PvP.