Boubouille2008-03-08, 01:22 AMA new build is being deployed on test servers, changes will be reported here as we discover them. 

PTR Patch notes update
Patch note on the official site  have been updated once again ! The patch also includes the changes from the latest PTR Notes update 
General
Non-self % based haste spells will no longer stack with each other. 



 Druid
Lifebloom: The bonus coefficient on the final bloom effect has been reduced by 20%. This spell will no longer cause error messages when interacting with Spellsteal or while the Druid is under the effects of Mind Control. 
Regrowth: The mana cost of this spell has been reduced by approximately 20%. 



 Hunter
Improved Mend Pet now has a 25/50 was 50/100 chance to remove one Curse, Disease, Magic, or Poison effect, up from 15/50%. 



 Mage
Blink mana cost has been changed to 21% of base mana. 



 Paladin
Illumination: The mana energize from this talent no longer has a chance to set off other triggered effects. 



Other classes
Make sure you check the previous PTR Notes update 



Undocumented changes
Doesn't look like there are a lot of them for the moment.
[item=30063] now reduces the mana cost of Holy Light by 34. Was 84 before the nerf - Screenshot 





Essence of Immortals quest removed - Sunwell Plateau unlocks over time
That's it, the Essence of Immortals quest chain has been removed to make the competition even between servers, gates in Sunwell Plateau will just unlock over time. 
Apologies that this update is coming so late but we pulled the Essence of Immortal quest chain about 2 weeks ago. That's why you haven't seen it on the Public Test Realm. The 3 gates will open automatically over time at equal intervals on all servers.

Regarding the taking back of the town on the Isle, however, that will still be dependent on completion of daily quests. Servers can race to see who can open their quest hub the fastest. But access to raid bosses has been made equal.

We really like the concept of cross-server competition. But the concept of the gates being tied to specific boss kills was not playing out as we had hoped. We plan to do future things that involve servers competing with one another through major events.


Character creation changes on TTR
Devs made a few changes to the TTR and added random spawn locations upon character creation.
[blizzquote author=Eyonix source=] Sometime today we'll be pushing new data to the PTR Tournament realm and once the update is made, players will now randomly spawn into one of the following locations upon character creation:
Northshire
Stormwind
Coldridge Valley
Ironforge
Shadowglen
Crash Site
Valley of Trials
Razor Hill
Sen'jin Village
Orgrimmar
Camp Narache
Deathknell
Sunstrider Isle



Eventually, we plan to have many more spawn locations than what's listed above but we also intend to remove capitol cities from the list of spawn points. Additionally, we plan for all vendor locations to have three of every vendor available with the exception of the armor vendor, in which case there will remain one. For today's push this will only be true for the racial starting zones and the vendors outside of capital cities.

Please also note, that capital cities will only have vendors outside the city limits, and only have battlemasters within the city. This is done for all capital cities for today's push except for Exodar. There will be a fight promoter at every spawn location where players can:
Bind to the location.
Teleport to a capital city teleport to Exodar temporarily disabled since it's unavailable



Our ultimate goal is going to be having vendors in every immediate town surrounding a capital city. Using Stormwind as an example, Northshire, Goldshire, and Sentinel Hill in Westfall will eventually all be filled with vendors.

Lastly, the next build will involve the wiping of all existing characters. The purpose behind the character wipe is as follows:
There is a new character template and it needs testing.
We want to continue to test random spawning.
We want to test the spawn locations.



With that being said, upon character creation a basic set of items equipped, and from there you will be able to further customize your character via the vendors.

Thanks to everyone who have both tested and provided feedback, as it's been invaluable!