Boubouille2007-09-08, 06:12 AMFaster leveling from 1 to 60
Few more information about the changes to leveling, it won't affect anything past the level 60, they won't change quest rewards, loots, or training costs.
The leveling curve and quest experience decrease/increase respectively will not be in the 2.2 patch, which is technically the next patch. If you're asking will it be in the patch after that, we haven't announced exactly when the feature will be included just yet. The increase stops at 60 for both reduction in XP required for each level, and quest XP increases, so if your alt is 60 then you should just level them now.

I don't believe a percentage increase has been stated. Reputation has not been reduced relative to level difference since I think patch 2.0, and that applies to all reputation gains anywhere, not just starting areas. I don't think hunter pets will be an issue either. There's no change to loot or quest rewards. I know some classes have higher training costs than others at some level gains, and if it looks like it's an issue we can make adjustments to those prices.

"Ray" spells re-evaluation
A news that won't make warlocks and priests happy, they might start looking at the balance of ray-type spells life drain, mind flay, etc ... and see if they should still continue to channel when the target is out of sight.
We are aware of the issue with channeled ray-type spells continuing to channel and be ray-like when the target is technically out of line of sight. At this time this is considered be a working feature and there are currently no plans to change it. 

However, we will raise this point again as it appears to have been some time since it was evaluated and there may be more viable options for its adjustment. Please note though that we are not promising that any change will be made, just that we will ask if it can be re-evaluated at this time.

Death Knights
Creation of a Death Knight possibly unlocked for a whole account ? 
Jeff did state that they may be unlocked for the entire account, and it's been mentioned that additional slots could possibly open up. It's just too early to say, most of these types of details are still in the early planning stages. Once we begin actually implementing them and locking them down to some degree of certainty we'll be be able to say "Yes, this is how it is" ... and then probably change it three weeks later. 

Heh, y'know, it's in development, things are going to change or be shifted around. I wouldn't start clearing out space just yet.

Northrend Lore
Night elves won't be able to hug taurens in the expansion, sorry. That's the official statement though, personally I'm still wondering why they added a new spell in the current 2.2 PTR Patch that let you be friendly with the horde for 20 minutes. [spell=42334] Maybe that's what Nethaera means by "tolerated in the right conditions", alliances members are free to join the horde only if they can be slaughtered after 20 minutes. 
You are assuming that the Horde and Alliance will be buddy buddy in the expansion. I contest that "buddy buddy" can be merely a facade. Alliances with enemies are often far more complicated than they look at first blush and are fragile things. 

What more is to come is yet to be seen in Northrend. Old wounds sometimes reopen. Memories become sharper with the reality of the past being brought forth to the present. More about the hows and whys of the battlegrounds and conflicted PvP zone are as of yet to be revealed and it's understandable that people will make their educated guesses on it all based on what they see now. I say wait and see. Perhaps the enemy of your enemy will be your friend and perhaps the enemy of your enemy will still be your enemy too but just tolerated in the right conditions. 

There is a story to be told despite the comments of "LoreLOL" that often crop up and it's being worked on and interwoven into Northrend.