Boubouille2008-06-13, 12:39 AMFree Character Moves ... PvE to PvP !
This could either be the first of a long list of PvE to PvP transfers or just a desperate measure to save the oceanic server Thaurissan, Blizzard officialy announced their first PvE to PvP character transfer between already-existing servers, and it's free !
To address faction imbalance issues on Oceanic PvP realm Thaurissan, we will be offering free character moves for Alliance players only from Oceanic PvE realms Nagrand, Aman’Thul, and Khaz’goroth to this realm. This transfer opportunity will open on Thursday, June 12, and is scheduled to end no later than Thursday, June 19. During this timeframe Paid Character Transfers to Nagrand, Aman’Thul, and Khaz’goroth will be disabled as we focus on resolving the issue at hand. In the event that we meet our transfer goals before the scheduled end date, transfers may be disabled without prior notice. No additional characters will be eligible for these free moves once the transfers have been closed.

Once the transfers open, you can begin the process by visiting the Character Move page.  


Important update regarding Season 4
An update has been added to the original season 4 announcement 
We've updated the Season 4 two-week notification announcement thread to include a very important point of clarification.

 

It's very important for players who feel that they may be eligible for the end-of season rewards, such as the Arena-specific title and/or Armored Nether Drake to refrain from transferring their character to another realm, between the beginning of Season 4 and when these end-of-season rewards are physically awarded, otherwise they will become ineligible to receive either.


WotLK Beta Signups
It's always good to remind people that there isn't ANY invites regarding a beta test for WotLK.
We have not sent any invites regarding a beta test for Wrath of the Lich King. Any e-mails you may receive regarding a beta invite are not official, and should thereby be considered an attempt to trick you into providing private information, or to install malicious software on to your machine.

Always verify links and URLs before clicking on them, and ensure you have an anti-virus installed and updated. Also make sure you have any OS/browser security updates, and the latest version of Flash   It's also advisable to check into add-ons for your browser which can potentially add some security such as NoScript.

The only mention of beta invites at this point has been the Frostmourne fan art contest.


US Realms - Free Character Moves
We will be offering free character moves from a selected high population realm to a lower populated realm, assisting in population dispersal. The ability to move a character on the selected source realms will become available on Wednesday, June 11 at 12:00PM PDT, and are scheduled to run until Wednesday, June 18 at 12:00PM PDT.

In the event that these realms meet our transfer goals before the scheduled end date, the transfers to that realm will be disabled. We highly recommend that if you are planning to transfer that you do so at your earliest convenience. No characters will be eligible for these free moves once the transfers have been closed.

Once the transfers open you can begin your transfer by visiting the Character Move page located here:  

Source A PvE - Cairne
Destination A PvE - Mok’Nathal 


World of Warcraft Music Player Updated
We've updated our music player  with a new track, "Power of the Horde" by Tenth Level Tauren Chieftain. Originally featured in Warcraft III as a hidden song, this blistering track can also be heard during the band's live set at the Darkmoon Faire. You can also listen to a selection of other music from World of Warcraft, Warcraft III, and Warcraft II. Additional World of Warcraft music is available at the Blizzard Store  


 