Boubouille2008-06-28, 12:15 PMAfter all this Diablo 3 Frenzy, let's get back to World of Warcraft ! The class panel is currently running on the stream, classes changes for Wrath of the Lich King are being revealed. This post is being updated

June 28th Panels
13:15 - 14:15 - WoW - Classes Present and Future 
14:30 - 15:30 - Diablo - Design Fundamental
16:30 - 17:30 - Starcraft - Evolving Design
18:30 - 19:30 - WoW - Q&A Grab BagJune 29th Panels
09:30 - 10:30 - Starcraft - Distinctive Artistry
10:00 - 11:00 - Diablo - World Lore and Environment Art
10:45 - 11:45 - WoW - Anatomy of Dungeons and Raids
13:30 - 14:30 - WoW - PvP Game Systems
17:00 - 18:00 - Diablo - Denizens of Diablo


Q&A Grab Bag
Raids & Dungeons
Sunwell Plateau is the last content patch before the expansion release.
There isn't any plan to nerf Kil'jaeden right now, he's intended to be the last boss before the expansion and is meant to be hard. 
Raiding armor sets and PvP rewards sets will look different and won't share the same model anymore in Wrath of the Lich King.
Uldum was on the original list of dungeons to be added to Wrath of the Lich King but right now it's still unsure if we'll see it or not. 



PvP
Raiding armor sets and PvP rewards sets will look different and won't share the same model anymore in Wrath of the Lich King.



Class Mechanics
Most of the shaman totems, Unleashed Rage, and Battle Shout are some of the buffs changed in WotLK to affect the whole raid instead of the party. 
Dynamic Line of Sight will be introduced in WotLK PvP, for exemple a pillar might move up and down every 20 seconds, or we might have movable items. More info about Arenas in tomorrow's panel.
The attacker/target range mechanics are being re-evaluated it might be changed for Wrath of the Lich King to fix most of the existing bugs, including the ones affecting the attack range of Feral Druids. 
Even if it looks like a lot of classes are being changed to make them "more hybrid", but developers still want to keep the classes as distinct as possible. 
There is a plan to give player access to two talent specs to switch between them without having to respec all the time. More details in the future.



World
You will be able to use your flying mount again at level 77, and might be able to take passengers at level 80. 
A harbor will be added to Stormwind to transport players to Northrend, a new zone will be added in Northern Plaguelands as the Death Knight starting area, and an arena will be added to Orgrimmar in place of the existing empty one.



Professions
Inscription trading skill is intended to be for both casters and melees, inscriptions benefits every class. The current plan is to use herbalism as the primary gathering profession. 



Death Knight
People playing a Death Knights will see the original voice of their race slightly modified to make it sound more ... Death Knight-ish. 
Tanks will be interchangeable in 5-man dungeons but tanks will have a speciality in 25-man raids. Death Knights will be best against casters and shouldn't be too far behind on other encounters.



 Rogue
Dagger specialization will be improved for rogues in Wrath of the Lich King. 



 Warlock
There isn't any plan to change the soul shard farming as it's part of the class, but an "emergency soul shard" ability might be added.



 Druid
There will be a new model for the Druid's Dire Bear form and the Dire Cat form will be introduced.



 Paladin
Retribution paladins will share their itemization with Death Knights and Warriors. Their group utility will be increased by making them more efficient DPS-wise. 



 Warrior
The plan is to improve the warrior specs to make sure that DPS warriors would be able to tank a little, while protection warriors would be able to DPS slightly more with new abilities like Shockwave.



Class panel

     
     
     

 Druid
Entangling roots will be useable indoor. 
Nourish will be a new healing spell, healing for more hit points for each HoT effect on the target.
There isn't any plan to change cyclone



 Hunter
All kind of pets will have their own talent tree. A tanking talent tree, a DPS talent tree, and an utility talent tree. Each kind of pet family will have its own talent tree and its own unique ability. 
The shot clipping will be removed from Steady Shot, you'll be able to use it without "interrupting" your autoshot. Hunters will be able to just smash their button.
There are going to be new pets in WotLK. 
The skill points for each pets are being changed to the new "Pet talents" and will disappear.



 Priest
Divine Hymn will be a deep-holy talent protecting your party from attackers, any attacks done to you or your party will cause the attacker to be afflicted by sleep.
The 51 point talent for Shadow Priests is Dispersion : You disperse into pure shadow energy, reducing all damage taken by -90%. You are unable to attack or cast spells, but you regenerate 6% health and mana every 1 sec for 6 seconds.
Guardian Spirit - Calls upon a guardian spirit to heal and watch over the friendly target. The spirit heals the target for 642 every 2 sec, and also prevents the target from dying by sacrificing itself. Lasts 10 seconds.



 Mage
Mages are getting a Frostfire bolt dealing Frost-Fire damage to make elementalists more viable. 



 Shaman
Totems are being "condensed" into a smaller amount of totems, for exemple Strength of Earth and Grace of Air totems will be merged into the same totem
A new weapon enchantment will be available "Earthliving Weapon". It will increase the healing power of the Shaman.
Flametongue will give spell damage bonus to the Shaman.
Totems are being moved to physical school, you can't counterspell anymore. 
Totems will also affect raid members, not just the local party.
Shamans are getting "Hex", a polymorph-like spell on a medium cooldown allowing them to turn an enemy into a frog. The enemy cannot cast or attack but is still in control of his character.
Windfury won't be a weapon enchant anymore and will be changed to a buff. You will be able to use it in bear form or with poison. 



 Rogue
Rogues will get a talent called "Fan of Knives", an AoE ability allowing them to attack all enemies within a short range. It will be some kind of "emergency" ability and you won't be able to spam it.
Sap will now work on more targets, humanoids, beasts, dragonkins, demons. "Anything with a skull and a brain inside of it".



 Paladin
Retribution paladins itemization will be moved to the same item as Warriors/Death Knights
A new reactive healing spell will be added - Hand of Purity. 
Paladin's short-term-blessings no longer overwrite long-term-blessings.



 Warlock
Demonic Circle will allow warlocks to scribe a circle in the ground to teleport to it later with another spell.
The 51-Point demonogy talent is a Demon-Form, this will allow you cast AOE Shadowbolts



 Warrior
Titan's Grip is a new Fury talent and allows warriors to wear 2 hand weapons with a single hand. 
Protection Warriors are getting a spell called "Shockwave" allowing them to damage and stun all the monsters in front of them. 
Bladestorm will be a new Arms talent whirlwinding all enemies in range every x seconds for a few seconds.