Boubouille2007-10-08, 05:40 AMIt's monday, don't forget that the Darkmoon Faire arrives today and will stay for one week. Hopefully, we should have the 2.3 on PTR this week ... if we're lucky. 

PTR moving to another version ?
According to this post by Tigerclaw, some issues with the sound engine will be resolved in post-2.2.3 releases. It seems that the 2.2.3 patch is only here to fix the most urgent bugs and we'll probably get the 2.3 soon. 
Based on reports we have received, we have made some improvement with 2.2.3, but based on your report there are still some issues remaining which we will continue to work on for post 2.2.3 releases.


World of Warcraft at the World Cyber Games ?
It might happen. The selection for the World Cyber Games  2008 started and World of Warcraft is one of the candidates in the MMORPG category along with Guild Wars, Ragnarok, and Warhammer Online. You can vote for your favorite game by following this link  


The "Unreleased items and things" special !
I've been going through old news during the week end and noticed that a lot of things from the 2.1/2.2 patch are still unused, below are the most "important" changes that never really went live. I know it's news recycling for some of you, but 50% of the people here probably never saw these screenshots in all the 2.1 mess months ago, and it's still interesting in my opinion. 

"Tier 5" Weapons
2.1 Patch introduced the tier 5 weapons, they were very well designed to match the tier 5 set design, but 5 of them are still unused for the moment. The others being [item=30883], [item=30910], [item=30918] and [item=32344]. I'm not really sure if Blizzard will include them in the 2.3 patch, but with all the people switching to T6-like gear during the Season 3 of the arena, it might be a bit too late. 


   
     

Sets items icons
Another forgotten feature for unknown reasons, maybe Blizzard never had the time to finish the art and decided to have people work on new and more important things instead. The Tier 6 icons included in the same patch have been released, so I'd say that the tier 4 and 5 icons just got cancelled. But they might release them after tier 6, who knows, I guess it will makes a lot of people happy now that everyone is geared with tier 4 or tier 5 armor


   

Illidari Runeshield !
Yes, this shield is still on my mind, I got the stats by myself on the US PTR and I'm 100% sure that it's legit, but nobody could drop it on 2.2 live servers yet. Maybe it was an early addition to the 2.3 heroic rewards items, or Blizzard could have just decided to not release it. They probably have good reasons in this case, maybe related to all the new items added for paladins in 2.3

 

Comics
Monday comics ! Dark Legacy  does a preview of the 2.3 engineering flying mount and GUComics  brings pandamonium to Azeroth !


   