Boubouille2007-07-20, 07:19 AMPremade character copies are now available for the 2.2 PTR.

You can access them at this page:
 

Have fun and be sure to report any bugs that you encounter in the new build.

As the pre-made characters are level 70 and start in the Outlands, The Burning Crusade expansion is required to utilize them.

All characters come with a full tier 6 equipment and ... [item=23162,en,us] bags. 
Nothing for the EU Players yet, but we can assume that it will be activated today or tomorrow.

Yes, premades may be back soon, just be a bit more patient, I know it's not easy, but we are investigating the issue.

Source 


If you didn't download it earlier, patch mirrors are still available.

 Patch 2.2 PTR enUS [Download ]
 Patch 2.2 PTR enGB [Download ]
 Patch 2.2 PTR deDE [Download ]
 Patch 2.2 PTR frFR [Download ]
 Patch 2.2 PTR esES [Download ]

Let's also add a list of the changes, to make it look like a work a lot. 

Patch Notes
2.2 Patch notes are hidden somewhere here



Major mechanics change
DoTs damages are now lowered by resilience. 
Most crowd control spells got their duration reduced to 10 sec in PvP Seduce, Freezing Trap, etc ...



New Mounts
Spectral Tiger Video  It will be a reward from the upcoming trading card game expansion. 
Broom Flying Mount Video  No official informations yet, but it's probably some kind of reindeer-like transformation for an haloween event. 



New items
New Arena shields. Price and skin are the same as the current warrior shield. Healing Shield , Spell Damage Shield 
Old AQ enchants available from reputation vendor. Few examples here , materials requirements here 
You get reputation and trash loots from trash mobs in Hyjal Summit. Reputation from bosses lowered a bit
New epic gems list here 
New Violet Eye rewards. List here 



Zul'aman
Zul'aman monsters available in the game files, but not in game. Preview here 
Zul'aman preview #1, Tigole post about it.



Voice Chat
It's not activated on the PTR yet, but it's still rumored to be released in 2.2, most of the interface is already available in the current PTR client and Rob Pardo said that the voice chat will be available in the "next software update" during an interview with OCRegister 



Item Changes
[item=32590] got a new skin, available here 
[item=28826] was boosted a bit, you can check the new stats here 
[item=22861] and [item=22866] were changed name and stats. Stats , Blinding Light  and Pure Death  mats lists.
Most of the AQ enchantments mats were changed from Nexus to Prismatic shards. 
You can now transmute Nexus Shards into Small Prismatic Shards. You can also split 1 Large Prismatic into 3 Small.
Mage Arena Season 2 set stats got changed. Stats here 
Warlock Arena Season 2 set 4-parts bonus was changed from "Reduces the casting time of your Immolate spell by 0.2 sec." to "Reduces the casting time of your Fear spell by 0.2 sec."
Warlock Tier 5 armor set bonuses were changed.
2 Set: Causes your pet to be healed for 15% of the damage you deal. 
Old bonus : Healing spells heal your pet for 30% of the amount that they healed you.
4 Set: Your Shadowbolt spell hits increase the damage of Corruption by 10% and your Incinerate spell hits increase the damage of Immolate by 10%.
Old bonus : Your shadowbolt spell hits increase the damage of Corruption by 3% and your Incinerate spell hits increase the damage of Immolate by 3%.