Boubouille2008-05-19, 07:53 PMReminder : MLG PC Circuit registrations are now open http://www.mmo-champion.com/index.php?topic=7609.0#MLGT ! 

WotLK Alpha notes removal
Don't look for it, we removed most of the posts related to the WotLK Alpha. Even if that's pretty cool to know that the alpha started, we obviously won't be able to post anything really important about it because of the heavy NDA http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Non-disclosure_agreement protecting it. 

Keep in mind that the Friend & Family alpha is restricted to Blizzard employees and their family/friends, you will not get any mail about this and any mail you might get about it is a fake only here to steal your account. Blizzard will make tons of announcement when the public phase of the beta starts. 


Arena Rating Calculation Clarification
There has been some confusion regarding the changes to Arena Team and Personal rating calculations in patch 2.4.2 for those players with 100% participation on their team so we’d like to clarify how the system works now.

The adjustment to a team’s personal rating can vary based on the average personal rating of the other team while team ratings will always adjust based directly on the team rating of the other team. If the average personal rating of the players queuing for a game is more than 150 points below the team’s rating, the team will be queued against an opponent matching or similar to the average personal rating. Adjustments to your personal rating are based on the ratings by which the opposing team was queued.
If the opposing team was queued based on their team rating, your personal rating will be adjusted based on their team rating.
If the opposing team was queued based on their average personal rating, your personal rating will be adjusted based on their average personal rating.



Example:
Team A has a rating of 1550. Team B has a rating of 1750.
Team A has an average personal rating of 1520 for the members participating in the match. Team B has an average personal rating of 1490 for the members participating in the match.
Team A wins. Team A’s team rating is adjusted based off of a win over Team B’s team rating of 1750.
All members of Team A have their personal ratings adjusted based off of a win over Team B’s average personal rating of 1490 but it will be a smaller gain when compared to the rating their team got.



This change promotes having teams compete against players who’s ratings statistically match up best against them. In turn this will help provide the most competitive environment possible in the Arena. 


Character slots & WotLK
There won't be any change to the amount of character slots in WotLK.
We currently don't plan to add additional character slots. Right now if you are maxed out and want to create another character on that realm, deleting one is an option, so is transferring it to another realm. If you are interested in the Deathknight you can also create it on a separate realm to try it before making any big changes to the realm that is full.


Dark Legacy Comic #143
Dark Legacy #143 http://www.darklegacycomics.com/143.html is out !


http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/news/2008/may/dl143.jpg http://www.darklegacycomics.com/143.html