Boubouille2007-11-16, 09:20 AMArena changes
It seems that you cannot communicate with other teams anymore during arena matches in 2.3.
Whispers are blocked.
All /say messages are changed to a generic emote. ****** says something unintelligible."





Hunter Bugfixes
The hunters nerfs are definitely here on purpose and have been added to the patch notes. You should still be able to drink during trash mobs fights. 
Fixed a bug in which Hunters were able to use Readiness in conjunction with Freezing Trap on two different targets.
Fixed a bug in which Hunters were able to disengage from combat using Feign Death during boss encounters. 



Skald fire elementals bug
According to this blue post , it seems that the fire elementals in Skald north of Blade's Edge Mountains are bugged and instantly respawn. I checked it this morning and it's still working so I guess it could be a good time to farm primal fires. 


Blue posts
3 or 4 days of blue posts so I had to filter out a few of them but the most important posts/issues should be reported. You can almost consider this as a 2.3.1 / 2.3.2 patch preview, tons of bug fixes to make you happy.

General
All your global cooldowns concerns should go here. Source 
Spells cast during Arena Preparation do not cost mana but still cost reagents, this is intended. Source 



PvP
Blizzard is going to watch AV after the recent changes closely. They may make additional changes, but they want to see how things play out for a bit and everyone adjusts. Source 
NPCs selling season 1 gear for honor can't just be added to the game, they're part of the "Season 3 event" and it would require to add all the NPCs, including the one selling the season 3 Gear. Source 



Hunter
Blizzard can't find any bug with the loss of Happiness in 2.3, if you have more specific information about this please report them. Source 
Same goes for the pathing issues in instances most of the time in stairs or on ramps, please report any information about this. Source 
The issue where pets aren't attacking if a player has their back up against a wall or a corner will be fixed in a future patch. Source 
Hunters should be able to feed their pets during combat again in a future patch. Source 



Mages
The issues with spells requiring ground targetting e.g. Blizzard is fixed for 2.3.2.



Paladins
The mana cost of Righteous Fury is being fixed in a future patch. Source 



Priests
The bug preventing the refresh of Prayer of Mending will be fixed in a future patch. Source 



Shamans
The bug preventing the refresh of Earth Shield will be fixed in a future patch. Source 



Quests
Quantities will be added to the quest objective of daily cooking quests. Source 
Everyone should be able to do the Battlegrounds daily quest but a bug is preventing this, it will be fixed and the reward will scale accordingly by level. Source 



Items
[item=34220] is being changed in an upcoming patch to require at least 2 blue gems instead of exactly 2 gems.
The size of your first backpack the one you can't replace might be increased in the future. Source 
Hippogryphs do not walk, this is why they don't have a walking animation. Source 



Professions
Alchemy
The old mithril -> truesilver transmute is being changed to a 1 day cooldown. They're also going to be looking at the possibility of adding new metallic transmutes, but no promises. Source 

Engineering
Upcoming patch will have Arrow Makers and Shell Machines listed in the appropriate section of the Auction House. Source 

Leatherworking
New Quivers and Ammo Pouchs are changed in an upcoming patch : they won't be unique anymore.



Raids & Dungeons
The issue with the Badges of Justice in chests Mechanar / Karazhan is known and Blizzard is working on a solution. Source 



Interface
A bug prevent people from selling stuff by drag and dropping stacked items to the vendor. While you wait for the fix you can always sell them by right clicking the items in your bags. Source 
Anything you can interact with now should have the "loot sparkles". Food crates, herbs, mining nodes, etc. It may be that some herbs are so small that the sparkleys just don't show up as prominently with the way the particle effect generates. Source 
The ability to query all of the auction house results was temporarily disabled. Source 
There isn't anything new about the Itemrack feature promised at the Blizzcon, wait & see. Source 



Others
The official talent calculator will be updated soon. Source  =Use the one from Wowhead 