Boubouille2007-09-11, 04:40 AM2.2 Patch Release
First, we've got our usual prediction of 2.2 Release date for this week, thanks to Nethaera.
It's not tomorrow. 

Free spell damage for healers
It was mentionned during the Blizzcon that healers might get free spell damage in the future see the Blizzcon changes mega-list, Drysc gave a few more details about this.
The plan is for a percentage of the +heal stat on items with pure +heal to be added as +spell damage, for no extra cost. Further details and exceptions will be discussed at a later time.

WotLK Release date
A lot of people have been speculating because of the release dates announced on various shopping sites actually I think we had a post here, well, you can stop speculating. 
We haven't announced a release date as of yet. When we do, you'll see it up on the official web site here. Retailers have to put some sort of a release date in order to list a game for sale and accept pre-sales for those games. When they do put down a date, it's generally an educated guess. 

Pet disappearing when mounted
Sorry hunters and locks, no more pets running with you while you're mounted. 
Having the pet disappear when mounted resolved a number of issues people were experiencing and we are happy with how it has been working. No one likes an exhausted pet, so this way the pet shows up by your side and is ready to growl, bite, cleave, or torment among other things right after you dismount.

There is always a possibility of changing this again, but we currently have no plans to do so. 

Blizzcon beta key + WotLK Beta information
So ... Is the Blizzcon beta key for WotLK or Starcraft 2 ? In both cases, don't worry there will be a lot more keys !
Q: Any word on what game the key is gonna be for? and if so does anyone have a date on it?
A: Undetermined as of yet. 

Please don't forget that the BlizzCon beta keys represent a very small portion of our beta community when it's time for a beta. We take players from various sources when it's time for beta so that as many people as we feel necessary are given the opportunity to help us test. 

51 Points talents
You can add them to the list of things we won't see before a long time.
We understand that the new talents are highly anticipated by our players so we don’t want to rush them. Keep in mind that these talents aren’t designed to automatically win fights but to add additional depth to their respective talent trees and to the game play. When we are closer to launching the expansion and the new talents are becoming finalized, we look forward to sharing information on them with everybody.