Boubouille2008-06-28, 01:44 AMWotLK Bestiary - The Flesh Giant
The same dark sorcery used to command the Scourge's powerful abominations is utilized to even greater effect in the harsh and distant realm of Northrend. Here the Lich King has focused his malefic powers on flesh giants: nightmarish creatures that make abominations look tame by comparison. Scourge minions assemble flesh giants and abominations in a similar manner, piecing them together out of body parts from numerous corpses. Unlike abominations, though, the "spare parts" used to create flesh giants are harvested from multiple types of fearsome Northrend giants.

These living battering rams employ tremendous brute strength in carrying out the inexorable will of their loathsome master. Those who oppose the flesh giants take their lives into their own hands... and risk a fate even worse than death. 


 


Armory Updates
Season 4 items
The Armory has been updated with the new gear obtainable with the onset of Arena Season 4, including the powerful Brutal Gladiator's armor and weapons as well as the rewards purchased with Honor. Check out the Armory's Updates page , which includes links to the new items. 

Guild Bank Content and Armory Updates
Recently there have been some issues with the Guild Bank contents not updating properly in the Armory. We are happy to let our players know that we have just implemented a new way of retrieving the Guild Bank data which resolves this issue and provides more frequent updates to its contents through the Armory. You can check it out now at www.wowarmory.com 

Currently this update is live on the US Armory and the other regions should receive it in the week or two. 


Nihilum Live Raid at the WWI
We are pleased to announce that visitors of the 2008 Blizzard Entertainment Worldwide Invitational will be able to witness members of the well-known European raiding guild Nihilum enter the Sunwell Plateau and fight some of the most dangerous enemies in the World of Warcraft. Nihilum, best known for their world-first defeats of many World of Warcraft bosses, will be present with three players and one shoutcaster on both days of the Worldwide Invitational. Check out our website to read more!

 