Boubouille2008-03-29, 11:26 AMHotfixes for the Week of March 24 - 30
Drysc updated his post and the list of hotfixes applied on servers during the week is now much bigger.
This thread will remain updated throughout the week of March 24 - March 30 with any notable hotfixes.

Hotfixes applied and active:
Players are no longer able to accept the quests "Blood for Blood" and "Blast the Gateway" without first completing "The Missing Magistrix"
Felblood Initiate respawn rate significantly increased
Veneratus the Many now spawns correctly
The Horde Spirit Healers in Alterac Valley will once again teleport Horde players to a different graveyard if the current once gets captured by Alliance
Archmages’s Guile, Battle Mace of the High Priestess, Terrok’s Gavel, and Sedai’s Blade have all been properly changed to Main-Hand Only weapons
When taking the flight path from Ironforge to the Isle of Quel'Danas, you will no longer become fatigued and die if you had any buffs active which affect your ability to breathe underwater
Looting Bind on Pickup items now properly brings up the confirmation dialog while using the Round Robin looting method
Reliquary of Souls, Prince Kael'thas, and other bosses now properly cast their spells
The time before players with flags in Warsong Gulch receive the Focused Assault and Brutal Assault debuffs has been reduced
The timer for Focused Assault and Brutal Assault in Warsong Gulch will now reset whenever both Flags are returned to their bases 



Sunwell Isle Progression
We already knew that small servers would get an automatic completion of the event at some point, now Drysc confirms that there is nothing in place to slow down the bigger servers even if the 2nd phase seems to take more time than the first one. 
Each phase, and the subsequent "add ons" for each phase anvil, alchemy table, etc. require a set number of turn ins of the specific quests that fund them. There's no mechanic that increases that number. So no, a realm with a higher population is not handicapped.

There is however a mechanic that will auto-complete each phase after a set amount of time for those realms that aren't able to complete them within a "decent" amount of time.

What you may be seeing is a general cool down of people taking part in those quests? I can't really say why your realm may be seeing a slower progression aside from them just not completing as many quests as another realm.

Once the Armory is taken over you can begin building the Anvil, once the Anvil is complete the new badge vendor becomes available. Source 
That's a good opportunity to talk about gorgonnash.info , this site gather the progression of the offensive on all servers through an addon and ranks them. You can also see the details of the progression on a specific server  Both European  and American  versions are available.


 



PvPScene - Proximo 2 Review
Yes, PvPScene  is still alive ! I know a lot of players have been busy with their addons because of the release of the patch, and Chaud decided it would be a good time to post a review of what's in Proximo 2 


 


Sunwell Plateau - Boss kill videos
I don't think I posted any video of the Sunwell Plateau encounters yet, now that encounters are in final version a few nice videos have been released.
The 1st video is a fight against Felmyst by Heist 
The 2nd video is a fight against Felmyst by Vodka 
The 3rd video is a fight against Brutallus by SK-Gaming 
The 4th video is a fight against Kalecgos by Last Resort 



Congratulations to all these guilds for their kills !


 ;9911682;/fileinfo.html  
   