Boubouille2008-06-27, 02:37 AMWorldwide Invitational: Live Stream Available
As the 2008 Blizzard Entertainment Worldwide Invitational approaches, we are excited to announce that the Opening Ceremony starting at 11:45, Central European Summer Time on Saturday, June 28th, the various tournaments, and the Closing Ceremony featuring Level 70 Elite Tauren Chieftain and Video Games Live concerts  will be streamed live during the event on the official Worldwide Invitational website 

Visit our live stream page  now to ensure you have all the necessary software installed on your computer.

If you can't be there in person, don't miss out on this chance to witness exciting tournament competition, live Blizzard-themed music, and more!

We will also be offering live coverage throughout the event, including news reports, articles, and live updates on the tournaments. Visit the website  for more information! 


Blizzard Account Authenticator
You can now buy an extra layer of security for your account, the Blizzard authenticator costs $6.50 and will be available from the Blizzard Store. 
IRVINE, Calif. –- June 26, 2008 -– Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. today introduced an optional extra layer of security for World of Warcraft®, its award-winning massively multiplayer online role-playing game. Designed to attach to a keychain, the lightweight and waterproof Blizzard® Authenticator is an electronic device that generates a six-digit security code at the press of a button. This code is unique, valid only once, and active for a limited time; it must be provided along with the account name and password when signing in to the World of Warcraft account linked to it.

This optional security measure will be available at the 2008 Blizzard Entertainment Worldwide Invitational, which takes place June 28-29 in Paris, France. In addition, the Blizzard Authenticator will be made available for purchase via Blizzard's online store in the near future for a cost of $6.50.

"It's important to us that World of Warcraft offers a safe and enjoyable game environment," said Mike Morhaime, CEO and cofounder of Blizzard Entertainment. "One aspect of that is helping players avoid account compromise, so we're pleased to make this additional layer of security available to them."

To learn more about the Blizzard Authenticator, please visit   
There is no plan to expand this security to all accounts for free.
We currently have only the intention of releasing the authenticator to provide an extra layer of end-user security for those interested in purchasing it. The idea is not to punish players who do not purchase this; but rather, to provide additional account protection for those who do.
A few interesting questions are also answered on the support page 
How does the Blizzard Authenticator work?
You must first associate the Blizzard Authenticator to the World of Warcraft account you play. Once the account has been linked, the Authenticator token will be required to log in to Account Management or to the game; when logging in, you will be prompted to supply a digital code generated by the Authenticator.

Can I apply my Blizzard Authenticator to more than one account?
Yes! You’re welcome to associate a single Blizzard Authenticator to as many accounts as you like. Please remember that you must have that Authenticator with you to log in to any of these accounts afterwards.

What happens if I lose my Blizzard Authenticator? Do I lose the account it’s linked to?
If you lose your Blizzard Authenticator, you will need to contact Blizzard’s billing and account services team for assistance. Our representatives will be able to assist you with regaining account access by verifying certain secure information with you.

Can I turn the extra security of the Blizzard Authenticator on and off as I wish?
While you can add the Blizzard Authenticator as you wish, removing it will require a call to billing and account services.

Does the Blizzard Authenticator replace my password and secret question?
No, the Blizzard Authenticator is only there as an optional measure to augment account security. It does not replace standard security measures. You will still be asked to enter the account name and password when logging into the game or Account Management, and should not share that or your secret question information with others.


Russian World of Warcraft Alpha and Forums Announced
We are delighted to announce the World of Warcraft Russian Technical Alpha, commencing next week.

All our Russian-speaking players are invited to participate in this first phase of testing which focuses only on the technical aspects of the game. We would especially appreciate your reports regarding any connection and latency issues you may experience.

The second phase, the Localization Beta, will begin with patch 2.4.3 and will focus on the localization of World of Warcraft.

To coincide with the release of the Russian Technical Alpha, the Russian forums will also be launched, giving our players a place to discuss the functionality of the game in Russian. A list of known issues will be featured here for the launch of the first phase of testing.

You can read this announcement in Russian here 

The forums will go live next week and we look forward to seeing you there! 


Blue posts
End of Brewfest testing
We are no longer testing Brewfest. We may run another test of Brewfest or other holidays later in the test phase watch this forum for more information. Source 

Arena Matches Not Counting
There is an issue with Blades edge arena not properly ending. We are aware of this issue and working on a resolution. If you are unable to end an arena match inside of a different arena please let me know. Source 


3 New Fan Arts
3 Fan arts have been added to the official site.


     