Boubouille2008-01-09, 09:23 AMThe 2.3.2 patch is now deployed on both US and EU realms, however the huge amount of bug reports concerning the patch probably means we'll get a 2.3.3 patch after all. It was only mentioned once until now

It's still unsure on how it will affect 2.4 testing but it wouldn't be surprising if it wasn't deployed on PTR this week after all, actually the post announcing the PTRs back online on January 10th has been edited and changed to "will not come back up until next phase" and it probably doesn't mean anything good for us. 
In order to perform maintenance, all PTRs will be taken down on January 7th at 18:00 Paris time CET. This will conclude the 2.3.2 PTR phase and the realms will not come back up until the next testing phase. 

The Blizzard podcast is still scheduled for release tomorrow if everything goes well. Nothing confirmed officialy and publicly yet


2.3.2 Mirrors
If you're a bit late and didn't download the patch yet, it's still available on our download servers. 

 WoW-2.3.0.7561-to-2.3.2.7741-enUS-patch.exe [Download ]
 WoW-2.3.0.7561-to-2.3.2.7741-enGB-patch.exe [Download ]
 WoW-2.3.0.7561-to-2.3.2.7741-deDE-patch.exe [Download ]
 WoW-2.3.0.7561-to-2.3.2.7741-frFR-patch.exe [Download ]
 WoW-2.3.0.7561-to-2.3.2.7741-esES-patch.exe [Download ]


AV hotfix - Balinda and Vanndar health increased
Another tweak to try to balance the situation in Alterac Valley. This is a hotfix and you should notice the change immediatly. 
We’ve recently applied a hotfix that increases the hitpoints for both Balinda Stonehearth and Vanndar Stormpike in Alterac Valley. This change is being made to help assist in balancing the opposing sides and their ability to compete in the battleground.

We will continue to track the balance of the battleground and the factions as they fight for supremacy in Alterac Valley, and continue to make further changes as needed.


Alchemy - Transmutation mastery fixed
That's a pretty good news for all the alchemists out there, time to make tons of money again. 
Transmute mastery has been fully fixed in 2.3.2 This was a change that didn't make it into the patch notes.


Armory performance issues
They fixed parts of the armory but it seems it's still not enough, Blizzard is still working on it to get it fixed as soon as possible.
We are aware that some players may be experiencing some performance issues with the Armory; due to the popularity of the Armory, it is susceptible to high amounts of traffic which can result in slow load times. These slow load times can adversely affect armory performance, cause character data to not refresh properly, result in browser issues, or cause the page to stop responding entirely. We are actively working on addressing these issues and will provide updates as soon as they are available.


Mages - Icy Veins tooltip
Mages, be careful if you plan to respec after the patch, the tooltip is a bit misleading and you might want to read this post first.
The tooltip for Icy Veins is a bit misleading, it provides 20% haste not 20% cast reduction. 20% haste as Duman explains provides less than 20% cast reduction. The ability is working correctly and the tooltip is going to be updated in a future patch.


Other blue posts
Hammerfall Wind Rider Master
Urda the Hammerfall Wind Rider Master is bugged and currently hiding out from the rain beneath the platform that she normally stands upon. She should be returning to her normal position in an upcoming patch. Source 

Hunters - Volley
The new graphic introduced in 2.2 was causing performance problems and had to be temporarily reverted. The new graphics for Volley will return in a future patch.

Abilities triggering from crits
Abilities should not trigger from crits on sitting players, this is in the 2.3.2 patch notes but doesn't seem to be very clearly explained. Source 


2.3.2 Known issues
There are tons of known issues with 2.3.2, I'm posting them to make sure that everyone notice them and realize the amount of bugs introduced with the patch, even if most of them are minor we can probably expect a 2.3.3 patch to fix everything before the 2.4.
2.3.2 Known Issues List
General
Dwarven racial Find Treasure is deactivated on death.
Undead Males main hand weapon is appearing larger than previous builds.
Equipping a thrown weapon while in the middle of an Auto-Shot will cause animation issues.
The Gnome racial ability Escape Artist does not remove the Unstable Cloud debuff.
Deleted characters take up space in an arena team.



Environment
Inappropriate tooltip is displaying when a player hovers over Shartuul's Transporter on a flying mount.
Relogging on the flight path from Southshore, Hillsbrad Foothills to Ironforge, Dun Morogh in the entrance to Ironforge causes players to fly through a wall.
The flight path from Stormwind to Rebel Camp, Stranglethorn Vale clips through a tree outside of Stormwind.
Alliance flight path between Booty Bay and Stormwind goes through a tree.
There is a Feralfen Idol that is sunk into the floor in Feralfen Village, Zangarmarsh.
There is a tin vein in Hillsbrad Foothills that is unreachable.
There is a section of water that is clipping oddly into one of the waterfalls in Hatchet Hills outside of Zul'Aman.
The message "Zul'Aman Exterior InvisMan gains Cosmetic - Flame Patch X.X" appears in the combat log whenever a troll hut is burning in Hatchet Hills.
There is a leanto in Agama'gor, The Barrens that has no tooltip appearing but will be highlighted when moused over it.
Players can wall jump a portion of the hallway to Gruul in Gruul's Lair to reach a overhanging log beam where they can evade the mobs.
Charge, Intercept, Intervene , and Feral Charge are displaying odd behavior when being used at 10 yards vertical range.



Quests
There is a typo in the Quest Description Text of the Dustwallow Marsh quest "Thresher Oil".
There is a punctuation error in the acceptance text for the quest "Inspecting the Ruins" .
The quest description of "Super Hot Stew" does not state exactly how many ingredients are needed to create a Demon Broiled Surprise .
Splintertree Raiders do not respawn with Toerk if Duriel Moonfire and her guards are killed while the Raiders are still alive.
The quest description text for "The Corpulent One" refers to it being a group quest.
The quest "Bark For Drohn's Distillery" is unattainable if the player has certain quests in his/her quest log.
Quest Items are not lootable from chest objects when their tap list is issued on creation, and the object is summoned in via a pet.
After applying the Healing Salve to a Debilitated Mag'har Grunt 16847 for the quest "Administering the Salve" the buff applied to the grunt displays an internal tooltip.
There is a typo in the emote made by Bladespire Ogres when responding to the /point emote from a player who has become King of the Ogres.



NPCs
Hammer of Justice from Gathios the Shatterer is able to be reflected.
Commander Springvale in Shadowfang Keep does not always drop superior quality loot.
Nazan will melee players while in the air.
It is possible for Zul'jin to perform Claw Rage improperly.
Learning certain spells via a class trainer will cause the yellow spell effect to appear on the trainer rather than the player.
The buff Phasing Invisibility on the Warp Stalker does not have a tooltip.
Anchorite Ayuri has a male draenei voiceset.
Goreclaw the Ravenous cannot be skinned.
Cursed Lost One has an inappropriate buff for the zone in which it is located.
There is an error in Sky-Captain Bomblast's dialogue text on the Orgrimmar to Grom'gol zeppelin.
Shattered Hand Heathen ability Bloodthirst has no tooltip description.
Ogri'la Peacekeeper's weapons are scaled too small.
Exarch Orelis and Anchorite Karja can be attacked in Area 52.
Flying units are sometimes not pathing in formation
Felspine the Greater will evade after leashing.
Gutripper will become stuck evading if you engage and leash it while it is in its flight phase.
"Troll Commoner" gives incorrect directions to Great-father Winter during the Winter Veil holiday.



Classes
 Druid
Shapeshifting does not remove the movement impairing debuff Frost Breath.



 Hunter
The tooltip for the Hunter Snake Trap spell has inappropriate text in it.
Snakes from a Hunter's Snake Trap can Daze players.
The stamina tooltip for hunter pets sometimes reports an incorrect health increase.



 Mage
Mage's Frost and Ice armors are affected differently from each other by the Frost talent Permafrost.



 Paladin
Righteous Fury sometimes counts as two spells for purposes of dispel effects.
Paladins can cast Blessing of Protection on other players while affected by Blind.



 Priest
Pain Suppression can be cast while silenced.
Several priest spells and talents are not affected by Silent Resolve.
Casting Vampiric Embrace does not consume Relentlessness which is the two-piece set bonus of the Avatar.
Inner focus consumes Starshards even though it costs no mana.
There is a word missing in the tooltip of priest discipline talent "Focused Will".
The Priest spell Touch of Weakness is consumed but has no effect if the Priest is hit while silenced.



 Rogue
When Cheat Death absorbs an attack the combat log does not indicate which attack was absorbed.
Rogue's Cheat Death buff tooltip has a typo.



 Shaman
The Shaman Talent Call of Thunder Rank 5 is giving 2% extra crit, while ranks 1-4 only give 1% crit.
Rockbiter Weapon's tooltip and Action Bar icon are inconsistent with the other Shaman Weapon Enhancements' tooltips and icons.



 Warlock
The buff from Warlock talent Demonic Knowledge remains on enslaved demons after the enslavement is broken.
Imp spell Blood Pact affects certain trinkets upon zoning into a Battleground.



 Warrior
The stunning effect from Landslide's Summon Shardling spell is not triggering a Warrior's Second Wind ability.
Warriors can shift into a stance they are already in with macros.



Items
Dog Whistle is an uncommon quality.
The Robe of the Moccasin has a Use effect instead of an Equip effect.
Batwing Mantle have a Use effect instead of an Equip effect.
Serpent Gloves have a Use effect instead of an Equip effect.
Item name of Torquoise Brooch is spelled incorrectly.
Tooltip of Whipper Root Tuber does not mention its 2-minute cooldown.
There is no effect when using the Medallion of the Alliance during Landslide's Summon Shardling ability.
Nimbus Boots have a Use effect instead of an Equip effect.
Scroll of Strength V does not appear in the proper Auction House subcategory.
Goblin Jumper Cables and Goblin Jumper Cables XL have no cooldown information in their tooltips.
The quest item Battered Steam Tonk Controller procs the warrior talent Second Wind when controlled out of range.
Mobs gain health during the stun effect from the Goblin Rocket Launcher.
Gift of Arthas only stacks to 5.
The Druid Gladiator PVP Helmet is not using the right texture for the set
Baelog's Shortbow is a common quality item.
Snakeskin Bag is a common quality item.
Vengeful Gladiator's Mooncloth Hood and Vengeful Gladiator's Satin Hood do not display Troll Tusks.
Several gems with spell healing modifiers did not receive their additional spell damage modifiers.
Players who attempt to buy arena items that require ratings above 1850 will receive an incorrect error message if the team rating is below 1850.



Tradeskills
The Formula: Large Prismatic Shard has a inconsistent icon.
Shadow Oil does not fit into Leatherworking Bags.



UI
The sound effect heard when mouse-clicking on several options menus and options checkboxes do not always play.
Cancelling the use of a Steam Tonk Controller will cause the tonk's abilities to momentarily appear as a pet bar.
Unit names do not appear in Alt-Z view.
When a unique item drops that a player already has the automatically passing message is incorrectly telling the player he cannot use the item.
The Guild Log window has several resizing issues.
If raid permission icons are altered during a ready check, ready check icons will become stuck.
If a ready check is begun before icons from a previous ready check have faded, some icons are not properly refreshed.
Ready check in a Party is not properly cleared when leaders are changed during the check.