Boubouille2008-04-30, 07:18 AMReminder: Sunwell Plateau 2nd gate is now open
The 2nd gate opened on american realms yesterday and will open today on european ones. Raids can now reach M'uru in the Sunwell Plateau. Screenshot courtesy of Insomnia 


 


Blue posts
Nothing really new here, but a few reminders are always useful. The US CMs have been very quiet lately, let's hope that's just a "2.4.2 effect" and we'll get something more important soon. 
Season 4 Starting Date
We will be giving advance notice on when we plan to implement Season 4. Our intention will be to give a two week notice like we've done in the past. So, it will be no surprise to you if it doesn' t start next week. Source 

Next Blizzcon
We have not announced any details on another BlizzCon. We have enjoyed doing them in the past and look forward to the opportunity to spend time with our players and fans again in the future. Remember the World Wide Invitational in Paris, France is coming at the end of June! Source 

Death Knights and race restrictions
We've said many times since BlizzCon, that we don't have any plans for race restrictions at this time. Source 

Arena - Opposition not participating
We have made some changes to the game in 2.4.2 that resolves this problem Source 

Void Shatter only requiring 360 skill
Void Shatter skill: 360 requiring Runed Eterium Rod Skill: 375 is a bug that is being fixed in patch 2.4.2. Source 

Group Duelling
There are actually in-game locations where such events can be organized. The world arenas in Stranglethorn Vale, Nagrand and Blade's Edge Mountain come to mind as suitable locations for group "duelling" and combat practise. As for a group duel option such as /groupduel, we have no current plans to add this. Source 

The philosophy behind the new badge rewards
The idea behind the weapons on the badge vendors was to cater more towards some of the less desirable specs, if you will - as a way to encourage players to use those specs; such as daggers for rogues, axes for warriors, etc. Source 


Europe - Limited Support on May 1st 2008
As the first day of May is a Labor Day holiday in France and working on this specific day is subject to stringent legal restrictions, Blizzard Europe will be providing limited support on Thursday, May 1st. All the realms will be available for play as usual, however our Technical and Billing Support teams will not be able to respond to your queries on this day.

Our Game Masters will be working all day and night, but in a reduced capacity so you may experience a slight delay in the response time to your in-game tickets. We apologize for any inconvenience caused and thank you for your understanding.

Please also note that we will be unable to provide support on the In-Game Customer Service forums on this day.

Thanks for your understanding.

Regards,

English Game Master Team
Blizzard Europe 


Nihilum Live Raid Postponed
We talked about it last week, sadly it's been postponed.

The live raid stream that was supposed to take place tomorrow April 30th at 19:00 CEST has regretfully been postponed. First of all we're very sorry that we have to do so but we just got unlucky. As Xfire wrote: "Ok, somehow we knew this could happen if we got a bit unlucky and... well… guess what? We got unlucky."

New Live Stream Date
So far we're settling for next Wednesday May 7th, but that's not official yet - so don't quote me on it ;

Everyone who have signed up via Xfire will be notified via Email about the new date.

Read more about the postponing over at the Xfire blog 
In case you missed the initial announcement you can check out the news post here ,xfire__nihilum_live_raid_streaming/.

We promise that we will make up for this and you can be sure that this streaming event will not be our last!