Boubouille2007-10-26, 03:56 AMPaid character name changes are here
Rejoice, you'll finally be able to change this "Leghollass", but it will cost you 10$. This feature is being tested on a few servers, see the post for a complete list.
We’re happy to announce that through the wonders of modern gnomish engineering, you are now able to change your characters’ names. Finally, you can turn the moniker that seemed like a good idea at the time into something more befitting your true standing in World of Warcraft.

Visit Account Management to begin the paid character-name-change process. The fee is $10 per name change. As with our recent addition of voice chat to the game, this feature is being rolled out across all realms in several phases. The first-phase realms are listed in this forum post. Enjoy this new feature and the subsequent effect that your bold new name will have on friends and foes alike.

List of concerned realms 

Blue posts
Paladins
The season 3 retribution set has been changed. We're removing the Armor Penetration and Spell Damage that was being added to season 3, and moving those stat points into Strength. Those changes should be visible in an upcoming PTR build. Source 



Paid character name changes
There is no announced ETA for the next phases of testing. 



Items
There is no plan to add alternate ways to buy Heroic Badges rewards. Source 



Wrath of the Lich King
World event will happen with the launch of WotLK, no details yet. Source 
CoT: Stratholme is the only CoT instance in WotLK for the moment and will be based on the Warcraft III level called "The Culling" where you fight alongside the Paladin Prince Arthas Menethil. Source 
There is no plan to add uldum to the game for the moment. Source 
There is no plan to add Gilneas to the game for the moment. Source 
Blood and Unholy death knight runes aren't new spell damage type, Blood will probably be used for physical attacks while Unholy will be used for shadow attacks. Source 

[/list]

2.3 Testing
Zul'aman NPCs bug reports go here ! Source 
Zul'aman environment bug reports go here ! Source 
The amount of player required to start the event in Zul'aman will be increased to 5. Source 



World Environment
Areas can now be flagged as Contested instead of whole zones, for example the area around Zul'aman will be flagged, and maybe the one around Scarlet Monastery too This change will affect both PvE and PvP realms. Everything will be made to make sure it doesn't impact low level quests nearby. Source 



Yesterday's recap
I'm getting used to patch notes-like compilations, so here is a small summary of all the new things added in yesterday's PTR build.
For all classes changes, check the patch notes update  posted 3 days ago. 

PvP
Arena
[Vengeful Gladiator's Battle Staff]  3750 AP,[Vengeful Gladiator's Rifle]  3750 AP,[Vengeful Gladiator's Longbow]  and [Vengeful Gladiator's Shield Wall]  1875 AP have been added to arena rewards.
Season 1 Gear is now buyable with honor  on PTR, rings and amulets  too. There isn't any update of cloaks for the moment. If you're looking for the belt/boots/bracers of each set you can find them with their respective season 3 set in the 2.3 compilation



Hunters
All ranged attacks now have a wonderful 1 yard minimum range 



Mage
Ritual of Refreshment now requires 2 [item=17020]
The 4-piece bonus of Gladiator's set now reduces the cooldown of the Blink spell by 2 seconds instead of reducing the cast time of Polymorph by 0.15 second.



Paladins
The threat reduction on Fanaticism listed in the patch notes update  has been modified to not apply when Righteous Fury is active. 



Raids & Dungeons
Guards have been added to the area surrounding Zul'aman to prevent excessive ganking.



Professions
Alchemy
The side effects of the Mad Alchemist potion might be the same as the "***** Blood" debuffs from Zangarmarsh fireflies. This is still very, very unconfirmed
Engineering
[list] [item=20475] mats have been lowered, it now requires 1x Adamantite Bar, 4x Simple Wood, and 2x Handful of Fel Iron Bolts. 



Factions
A new pet has been added  to Sporeggar rewards. Exalted
Potions buyable for 50 apexis shards at the Ogri'la Quartermasters have been upgraded to match "Super" potions instead of "Major" Example : 1800-3000 Mana instead of 1350-2250



World Environment
Zeppelins and Boats around the world now have an embedded crew and reagents/food vendors 