Boubouille2008-07-05, 01:23 PMReminder : Registrations for MLG 3v3 Tournament in Orlando  on July 11/12/13 are now open ! 

WWI Beta code & WotLK Beta Opt-In
A french community manager made a post about the WWI Beta Code and WotLK, below is the translation.
People who attended the Worldwide Invitational 2008 received a code to participate in an upcoming Beta test of a Blizzard game. However, we cannot guarantee that this code will let you access the WotLK Beta Test specifically. To increase your chance to be selected in the Wrath of the Lich King Beta test we advise you to suscribe to Beta Opt-In organised for this phase through the account management page.  

More about the beta Opt-in :  
FAQ :  

Worldwide Invitational : Raids & Dungeons Panel Update
Last and final update of the Worldwide Invitational Panels, pictures are now available for the Raids & Dungeons Panel ! Thanks to Muarf again for the work he did on them.

Worldwide Invitational Recap
PvP Panel  + 40 pictures
Raids & Dungeons Panel  +31 Pictures
Wrath of the Lich King Screenshots & Artworks 
Class Panel  +9 Pictures
Q&A Grab Bag 




       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     


Warning : Wrath of the Lich King Beta Scams
Now that the registrations for the WotLK Beta started, it's probably a good time to remind people that any mail you will get pretending that you won a key for the beta is a fake. Blizzard didn't send any mail yet and you will be warned when they start inviting players to the beta. 
The email that you received and depicted in that screenshot is a fake/scam.

This is a 'phishing' website, pretending to be a Blizzard site asking for your username and password for "log in purposes". Instead, upon entering your information here, it will save the information and give it to the creators of the fake website, granting them access to your account.

Please be sure to note that we have not started the Wrath of the Lich King beta program for public play, only the opt-in for a chance of winning access to the upcoming beta. More information about this opt-in can be found here:  


Fury of the Sunwell - Episode 2
A few days ago, Nihilum  released the second part of their Fury of the Sunwell  video. 


 

Description
Here's the sequel to Nihilum's Fury of the Sunwell - Episode 1. It includes footage from the second half of Sunwell, featuring Eredar Twins, M'uru and Kil'Jaeden, all seen from a shadowpriest's point of view. I won't go into details about the movie that much, but just as in my previous movies, it includes alot of cinematic scenes and some added video effects. Most of the tracks in the movie are trance atleast during the bossfights, so if you don't like it, mute the sound and play whatever you want! This is the last movie I'll make from TBC, but hopefully I'll try to find the motivation and time to do more movies like this once Wrath of the Lich King is out.

Tracklist
1. Kenji Kawai - Voyage to AVALON
2. Immediate Music - Lacrimosa
3. Blank and Jones - A Forrest ron van de beuken and exor remix
4. Lost Angels - Storm of Trance backslash 6 porcel mix
5. Kenny Hayes - Daybreaker Airbase Elektech Remix
6. Loreeba McKennitt - The Mystic's Dream
7. Syna - Do You Feel original mix
8. Overseer - Skylight