Boubouille2008-07-03, 06:37 AMNew PTR Build - Tyrael Mini Pet
The PTRs have been updated with a new build and the Tyrael Pet  was added to the game files ! It seems that the pet also had a few unique sounds added. 


 

The code for the in-game World of Warcraft pet that was provided in the goodie bag at the 2008 Worldwide Invitational will be usable at our Pet Redemption Webpage   after patch 2.4.3 is released in the near future.

After you have received the in-game code from this webpage, the Alliance will travel to Stormwind and the Horde to Undercity to visit a new NPC where you will be able to claim the in-game pet.

The pet itself will be a miniature version of the Archangel Tyrael of Diablo 2 fame who will travel with you on all your grand adventures in Azeroth! Pictures of this amazing new pet will be available on the official website soon for everybody to check out. 


Blizzard Authenticator Currently Sold Out
Our U.S. online store is currently sold out of the Blizzard Authenticators, and we're working on obtaining additional stock. Please note that due to the nature of the technology in the device and the related manufacturing procedures, it will be several weeks before they're available again. We're working hard to expedite this process as much as possible.

We're also aware that non-U.S.-based players on our North American realms were unable to purchase the Blizzard Authenticator from the online store when it was available. This was due to shipping-related issues with our store for this device that could not be resolved by the time it first went on sale. Rather than delay the launch, we felt it was important to make the Authenticator available to as many people as possible as quickly as we could. We're continuing to work on a solution for these players and will provide an update as further progress is made.
The Authenticator helps safeguard account access against third-party programs, such as keyloggers, Trojans, and viruses, that are designed to steal players’ login information. This type of malicious code is often hidden in add-ons/mods and web pages and goes undetected until an account has been compromised and a thief has sold off the valuable items from the characters on that account for gold, which is then sold back to players by the third-party companies benefitting from this practice.

 

We appreciate that so many players are opting for the additional layer of security that the Authenticator provides -- playing World of Warcraft is that much more fun when you’re able to do things outside of the game, such as visit websites, with less of a worry that someone out there will be able to get access to all of your login information as a result. To learn more about how to protect yourself from people trying to steal your account name and password, please see the sticky post dedicated to this topic in our Customer Service forum.

 


Blue Posts
Premade characters now available on EU PTRs
Yeah, got corrected overnight. Enjoy! Source 

Patch 2.4.3 release date
You know we don't give release dates very often because sometimes things happen that cause delays. While some people are perfectly fine with delays, others take it a bit more personally at times. To avoid setting expectations, we'd rather not give a date and just focus on getting a patch tested and released when we feel it's at a point where it can be released. Source 

Any "AQ" type events in the future ?
The event that started with the release of the Isle of Quel'Danas had a number of similarity to the opening of Ahn'Qiraj event. We listened to a lot of the feedback our players had before and made something more accessible and rewarding while still bringing players together for a specific end goal. Yes, some players on PvP realms were not so interested in reaching the end goal so quickly, but I hope they had fun along the way. Source 

Will the Scourge Invasion be back with the new version of Naxxramas in WotLK ?
Currently we're focused on developing future events so the Scourge Invasion is a bit on the backburner though it may very well be back again at some point in the future. Source 

Player Housing
Player housing is something that may happen in the future but there are no plans for it just yet. Good try though! If I had a house in game, it would just be crammed full o f weapons with maybe one throw rug so I didn't look like I didn't care about how it looked completely. Source 


3 New Fan Arts
New fan arts have been added to the official site !


     