Boubouille2008-06-13, 07:20 PM 

WotLK Bestiary - Jormungar
The fiercely aggressive jormungar are a marvel of evolution, possessing rows of chisel-like teeth capable of boring through solid rock, as well as muscular, flattened bodies well adapted to rapid underground navigation.

Legends tell of the nerubians' using the jormungar as creatures of labor, forcing them to carve massive tunnels through Northrend's subterranean ice and lay the groundwork for the nerubians' ancient civilization. With the fall of the nerubian empire, swarms of rogue jormungar ran amok, drilling through the region's permafrost, attacking surface dwellers, and devouring everything in their path. 


 


New features on Wowhead

  bunch of features have been added to Wowhead 

"Wowhead has rolled out a whole host of new features! There are some cool ones in this batch. For example:
Search within displayed results - You can now perform quick searches within search results , filtered lists ;crs=1;crv=15, or any listing  really! The quick search includes not only the name of the item, but also everything that is visible! A search within this listing  for "70 pvp" will return any items that have those keywords in any column. Please note that as the label in the search box implies, this will only search within displayed results, and as such is most effective if what you are looking for is within these results.
Column-Specific Filtering - Now you can filter the results of an individual column! Just right click on the column header, enter a search term, and it will show only results that contain those terms. For instance, you may want to filter your class' skill list  to only display abilities for certain levels.
Source Column Improvements - The Source column for items  now has more detailed information. For instance, you can now see what specific NPC drops or sells the item you're looking for, and what zone the NPC is in, without a separate page load!
Filtered Search Improvements - Each stat that is filtered for is now added as an additional column ;crs=1:1:1:1;crv=40:0:200:0 in the results, which you can sort by or filter for.



Stat weighting Tips and FAQ 
Now you can order the items in a filtered list based on an item score you can customize yourself, effectively producing a list of the best items per your weights! Just click the "Create a weight scale" link to open up the weighting UI. We have a preset for every class and spec combination like Protection Paladins ;ub=2;preset=2.pve.prot;gm=4, Restoration Druids ;ub=11;preset=11.pve.resto;gm=2, or Beast Mastery Hunters ;ub=3;preset=3.pve.beast;gm=4.

This lets you create easy gear lists like so:
Druid Tanking Boots ;ub=11;preset=11.pve.feraltank;gm=4
Enhancement Shaman Helms ;ub=7;preset=7.pve.enhance;gm=4
Holy Priest Weapons ;preset=5.pve.holydisc;gm=4



In addition, you can build your own custom filters! The system uses a simple formula where the total values of all the weights are combined, and then points are distributed appropriately. It doesn't matter what the actual numbers are--only the relative weights. For instance, this ;wtv=2:1 filter will return the exact same results as this ;wtv=100:50 one. For example, you can build simplistic filters like this ;gm=3;wt=22:23;wtv=2:1. This filter will sort by the total value of stamina and intellect, where stamina counts for twice as much as intellect. The weighted filters only work on Weapons , Armor , Consumables  and Gems  And remember, any stats that are added to the list of weighted filters are automatically listed on the results page so you can sort and filter by those stats specifically!

Bear in mind that this new tool is designed to work with the existing filters, not replace them. Its purpose is to sort your search results based on the weights attributed to each stat. However, without any filters in place, it will show you everything in the database with a positive score. If you wish to limit the speed and weapon type ;ub=7;cr=36;crs=1;crv=2.5;preset=7.pve.enhance;gm=3 or only display spellcaster weapons ;cr=119;crs=2;crv=0;preset=9.pve.afflic;gm=3 this is best done through the use of filters."


US Realms - Urgent Maintenance
We will be performing urgent maintenance on the following realms beginning at 11:30AM PDT. The realms should be playable again by approximately 1:30PM PDT.

Aman'Thul, Barthilas, Blackrock, Caelestrasz, Dath'Remar, Dreadmaul, Frostmourne, Frostwolf, Khaz'goroth, Kil'Jaeden, Kilrogg, Nagrand, Ner'zhul, Proudmoore, Sen'Jin, Silver Hand, Thaurissan, Tichondrius, Vek'nilash 


WotLK and solo content
Bornakk answered the question of a player who wanted to know if it would be possible to add solo instances to the game.
I understand your desire for this, but grouping up is an important part of the game, our goal with the 10 person raids is to making the raiding content feel a little less exclusive to players, but if you want to see everything then you would need to take on the challenges of every aspect of the game. 

When the new expansions come out everybody has to level their characters up and at some point find new gear. This is a great opportunity for new players to get involved in their guilds if they are looking to take on a bigger roll in progression.

We do have a lot of solo-content available in the game as it is. You can level up to the max level, go through every zone, complete the vast majority of quests, enter battlegrounds and continually do a number of daily quests without ever grouping up with other players - but adding more variety to the game is important to a lot of people and that is where the 5 person and then 10/25 person raid dungeons come into play. These aspects are more challenging and so the story arcs they involve build up accordingly.

In short, we don't currently have any plans to add solo play to every aspect of World of Warcraft.