Boubouille2007-12-08, 07:42 AMBlue posts
We've got a lot of blue posts today, the honor bug in AV introduced during the latest maintenance is fixed, new cooking recipes are being added in 2.4, Salthem is leaving the CM teams, and a few
Alterac Valley
Players in Alterac Valley will now be awarded honor correctly when capturing or destroying towers. Source 

New cooking recipes in 2.4
New cooking recipes will be introduced in 2.4 to remove all the "gaps" in cooking leveling requiring you to level your fishing as well if you want to reach 300 cooking skill. 

Good Bye Salthem !
Salthem is going on to other duties in Blizzard and won't be posting on official forums anymore. Source 

Zeppelins Vendors
The vendors haven't been removed permanently, they will be back on duty once the propulsions issues on boats and zeppelins are fixed. Source 

Free character transfer eligibility
"The realms chosen consist of source realms with the highest sustained queues, and destination realms with the lowest population. The numbers gathered are directly from our data, and depict the realms in most need of these transfers. We will be continuing to monitor all realms and open additional free transfers in the future where necessary." Source 

Character transfers
Free and Paid character transfers are on a different cooldown, you can use a free transfer and then move your character again by using the paid character transfer feature. Source 

Wrath of the Lich King
Don't expect WotLK too soon. Even if Blizzard would like to release an expansion a year they don't plan to rush anything for the sake of releasing one a year. Source 

Night Elf Mohawk !
The Mohawk in the Mr. T advertising was a custom model made specifically for the commercial, there is no guarantee that it will be a new hair style in Wrath of the Lich King. Source 

World Events
World Events can be a double edged sword, they're a very enjoyable experience for players but they take a lot of development for something only usable once most of the time. there is also the problem of forcing an entire server into a one location and all the performance issues it causes. They aren't ruled out, they just have to be planned very carefully. Source 


--------------------------

SK Adds U.S. WoW Squad
SK Gaming are proud to announce the addition of an American World of Warcraft 3vs3 team. The players are well known from the notorious battlegroup 9 - Neilyo, Gumbot, Pronne, Mattyo and Mykke.

The World of Warcraft is increasing rapidly and the American PvP scene is very competitive, especially because of the bloodlust battlegroup bg9. This addition means that SK Gaming will have a top team from the most competative ladder in the world to represent them in future tournaments. The team will be focusing mainly on 3vs3, and by having five players the team will be able to switch to whatever fits the current patch and team best.

For those of you who doesn't know, or maybe just wants to know more about the players, a brief introduction of them all can be found on SK-Gaming 

 SK-Gaming
 Neil "Neilyo" Mosunic - Armory Profile 
 Zachary "Gumbot" Rankin - Armory Profile 
 Derrick "Pronne" Lopez - Armory Profile 
 Matt "Mattyo" Martinez - Armory Profile 
 Mike "Mykke" Harrison - Armory Profile 


--------------------------

Feast of Winter Veil 2007
The Feast of Winter Veil will start on December 15 and will include some new features.

The [item=21213] that players can get from completing special holiday quests can now be used on flying mounts. This will temporarily turn their flying mount into a flying reindeer  that trails sparkles as it flies through the air
Handful of Snowflakes - this is a new item you can obtain by /kiss -ing a Winter Reveler NPC. It will create a light snowfall above any targeted player.
Burning Crusade Holiday Bosses - as in past years, certain bosses will be dressed in a festive fashion and will drop seasonal hats when defeated. The holiday versions of the bosses will begin on Dec. 25 and end on Jan. 2. These bosses include:
Grand Warlock Netherkurse Shattered Halls
Grandmaster Vorpil Shadow Labyrinth
Exarch Maladaar Auchenai Crypts
Captain Skarloc Durnholde Keep
Nethermancer Sepethrea Mechanar
High Botanists Freywinn Botanica
Mechanotoy - This is a new gift that can be obtained from under the Winter Veil tree in Ironforge and Orgrimmar. It lets you summon a Mechanotoy non-combat pet to follow you around. Screenshot #1  Screenshot #2 



--------------------------

New WoW TV Ad - Jean Claude Van Damme
 a new World of Warcraft commercial for our French-speaking players, Jean-Claude Van Damme, a mighty mage of the Horde, wants to know: what's your game? Answer carefully, or he'll sheep you. 

View the Jean-Claude Van Damme commercial here  Transcripts are available for English, German, and Spanish.