Boubouille2007-09-16, 06:23 AMClass changes in 2.2 and 2.3
Nethaera posted a huge blue post about about the class changes and also said a few words about the 2.2 and the upcoming patches. I don't really know why I didn't see 3 days ago when it was posted but here it is. "We still have patch 2.2.0 to make live and then after that we will be moving on. That will be sooner than later at this point in time providing all continues to go well." is probably the most interesting part, but I guess we can't really be sure after 2 months of testing. 
There's not a lot more that can be said at this point aside from what was said at BlizzCon and in previous dialogs.

First to make things very clear, we are looking at more than one class at current and have plans for them. Many of you have already heard that we are looking into things like Ret Paladin improvements and Enhance Shaman improvements as well among other things. That still holds true.

We have also said on the side of Priests that we have plans for improvements in the works on some other things on the Holy end as well as have plans to take a close look at defining the Discipline tree a bit more to be more viable as a tree that people would want to utilize more.

I can ask you for patience and many will respond that you are out of patience, but that is the best course of action right now is to please be patient. There will no doubt be some disappointment when people don't get everything they ever dreamed of for their changes. There will also be some happy results that will come with it as well. Unfortunately, we aren't giving out any information or previews on what we have planned as of yet and are asking people to please wait for it to make it on to the Test Realms and in those notes.

We are listening and weighing what the community is saying against what we have in mind for the future and making adjustments and changes based on those things. I know many people get tired of us saying this, but please wait for it and please make sure you get in to the test realms and test so that we can get accurate feedback on what is and isn't working so we can continue to make improvements.

You also all know that we normally don't give out specific patch numbers just in case features or fixes get bumped up or back. Sometimes an issue is more complex and requires more time and sometimes it is much simpler and can be moved up into a closer patch. That said, many of you also have heard mention of patch 2.3 and what will be in it from various sources some of which are Blizzard employees. I'd like to advise you that at this point in time, we can't confirm more than what has been said and anything else to the contrary is merely rumor and conjecture. We still have patch 2.2.0 to make live and then after that we will be moving on. That will be sooner than later at this point in time providing all continues to go well. However, we still can't give you a specific date.

Concerns do not fall on deaf ears but sometimes we may have a difference of opinion. We'll do our best to get you solid information as we are able to do so.

Website
My mail server is currently down, if you really need to contact me send a PM. This also explains why you didn't get an answer to your mail if you sent one earlier ^^

Meanwhile on PvPScene.com
Jasi keep going back to the basics, this time with the 3vs3 arena. You can also read the 2vs2 version from last week.
Back to the Basics 3v3 http://www.pvpscene.com/index.php?topic=469.0
Back to the Basics 2vs2 http://www.pvpscene.com/index.php?topic=414.0



Bradygames Dungeon Companion 2
Bradygames http://www.bradygames.com/bookstore/product.asp?isbn=074400912X released the second version of their Dungeon Companion a few days ago, I can't give you much details about it because it's still hard to find it in France but according to the description, you should find all the strategy for all current dungeons of the Burning Crusade and even Naxxramas actually. You can get most of these informations for free on various sites but actually I like having everything packed in a single book with a nice layout, and I'm probably not the only one. 

You can buy it here http://www.bradygames.com/bookstore/product.asp?isbn=074400912X and even check a preview here http://www.bradygames.com/content/images/9780744009125/samplechapter/wowdc2sample.pdf or by clicking the nice image below.


http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/siteImages/images/news/2007/september/bradydc2.jpg http://www.bradygames.com/content/images/9780744009125/samplechapter/wowdc2sample.pdf

Official description
Illidan waits.
In his Black Temple, he conspires for revenge and control of Outland and Azeroth. You must take up the standard; the battle-plan waits within.

Comprehensive Coverage
Discover the secrets of the Burning Crusade World Dungeons, Caverns of Time, Outdoor Boss Encounters, Karazhan, the Lairs, Serpentshrine Caverns, the Eye, Black Temple, and last of the 40-person raids--Naxxramas.

Complete Instance Strategies
Every World Dungeon in Burning Crusade is revealed, with strategies for normal and Heroic modes. From Hellfire Ramparts to Tempest Keep, everything is laid bare: attunement, quest chains, boss statistics, and battle strategies.

Expert Raid Tactics
The biggest guilds in World of Warcraft have gathered comprehensive strategies for Outland’s most dangerous encounters. Tested and true, their tactics provide the advantage you need.

Group and Raid Basics
Wisdom supply wisdom from some of the most experienced and decorated players to help your groups and raids get off the ground. They offer solutions to simple problems, as well as guidelines to govern the mistakes and the malcontent.