Boubouille2008-06-18, 08:00 AM2008 Arena Tournament Phase 2 Has Begun!

 2 of the 2008 World of Warcraft Arena Tournament's second qualification round has begun. Tournament participants have had ample time during the practice phase to hone their strategies, try various team compositions, and gain experience playing with their team. It's now time for the real games to begin again for the last chance to qualify for the live regionals. To track the progress of your team and competition, please visit the World of Warcraft Armory  and select the Coliseum 1 battlegroup. For more information on the tournament please visit our Arena Tournament information  page. Good luck to all competitors! 


Blue posts
We've got a lot of posts related to WotLK today and also a small mention of Patch 2.4.3 by Slouken, the last time we heard about it was more than a month ago and I guess it wouldn't be surprising to see it very soon on PTRs.
Patch 2.4.3 Mentioned again
Yes, this is already fixed for 2.4.3. Source 

Wrath of the Lich King - Item Changes
Something to keep in mind is that there was a change in item setup in The Burning Crusade to where you saw a lot more stamina on basically everything. In Wrath of the Lich King we don't currently plan to rework an entire statistic like that, so instead the items will just get more powerful at a more consistent rate. Of course anything can still change so we'll have to see how things turn out. Source 

Wrath of the Lich King Graphics Upgrade
We have some really amazing graphics and textures going in with Wrath of the Lich King. I believe the art team is really outdoing themselves as have all of the teams developing the expansion. We are still retaining the style that makes Warcraft, well, Warcraft, but hopefully you'll enjoy the newer elements that are being added in and the design of Northrend. Source 

Wrath of the Lich King System Requirements
I know this question has come up before when we were releasing Burning Crusade, but we don't have any information at present on any changes to the minimum requirements for Wrath of the Lich King . Provided there are any changes, we'll let you know, but we do our best to maintain the availability of the game for as many people as possible. Source 

Will we see Heroic versions of low-level old world dungeons like Shadowfang Keep in the future ?
We currently have no plans to implement this. Whether we made them tuned for level 70s or 80s they would be left behind again at some point but don't get me wrong, it's a fun idea, it's just that right now we are focusing on all the dungeons we are adding in Wrath of the Lich King, their regular and heroic versions, along with the dual setup of 10 and 25 person versions for each of the raid dungeons. Source 


WotLK Closed Beta Questions
Nethaera answered a few questions related to the closed beta of Wrath of the Lich King. Keep in mind that there isn't any closed beta of WotLK for the moment, any mail promising you a beta account is a scam. 
How do you choose people who will participate in the beta ? 
We generally pull from many places so that we have a good variety of people in the beta. Some of it is random and some are winners from contests, or specific groups that we want to pull from. We don't have a specific schedule for you on who we will pull in or when to share with you, but we'll do what we can to keep people as informed as possible.

Is there a minimum level of experience/total time played that we would need to be considered for the beta?
There is no minimum level of experience needed since we look at a broad spectrum of testers. We want people of all experience levels to be able to share their experiences with us so that we know where we might need to work on something more. We don't necessarily want to make one aspect too hard or too easy on either end of things. Source 

Will there be some sort of application process to at least show interest in beta testing? If its completely random, what happens if you pick someone who isn't even interested?
Undetermined on the first question and it will most likely be the same as with any beta someone gets and isn't interested in, they just won't play it. We watch our numbers, we see if we have the beta testers we need, and if we need more, we get more people in.
It's all dependent on what the development team feel they want to have tested and where the focus is. We could have specific things we want players to test, or we could just want to load things up and stress it. Source 

Later updated with ...
I just thought I'd update this thread with a little extra information to let people know that there will be a sign up process when it comes time for the beta as well.

Please note that that time is not now. Please be aware that there are some scams currently running that are asking people to sign up for Wrath. We will let everyone know when it is time to sign up. Source 


Battleground Queue System
The fact of the matter is that the queue system has been altered over the years since the implementation of Battlegrounds to be the most convenient to the most players with regards to selecting one's preferred Battleground, as well as the amount of time one must wait before entering a match.

An equal number of players from each faction at the top of the respective queues are selected at the launch of the Battleground. Each player selected is given a grace period to enter the match before they are automatically removed from the queue. The issue you're describing is a result of players not entering the match when selected, and not leaving the queue before this grace period ends. By the time new players from the top of the queue are offered the chance to join the match, it has already begun. Most of you understand this; I only mention this to acknowledge the primary cause of the situation discussed in this thread.

It can be very demoralizing when one team is forced to begin a battle with less members than the opposing team. I've been there and experienced that first-hand many times over.

There are inherent issues with both leaving the queue system as it is, and imposing further requirements before a match begins. For instance, if we keep the match from starting until each side has an equal number of players, everyone is forced to wait beyond the actual queue time to ensure enough players have accepted to enter the match.

The choice may well be between suspending a match indefinitely until both teams have the same number of players; and starting a match lopsided so players can get through the match and carry on with their gaming. I suspect not everyone would have the same preference given this choice, and the difference could greatly impact the style, reason, and enjoyment of the Battlegrounds for many.

That said, we aren't completely satisfied with the queue system as it stands.



World of Warcraft Comic #8 Sneak Peek
The newest issue of the World of Warcraft comic book series from WildStorm will arrive in stores tomorrow, 6/18/08. "The Return" begins a new story arc, as upon learning he is in fact the missing king of Stormwind, Lo'Gosh returns to reclaim his throne with his comrades-in-arms Valeera and Broll. But all is not as it seems in the Eastern Kingdoms, especially if one informed dwarf has anything to say about it.

Check out the online preview now  


 