Boubouille2008-01-28, 06:09 AMWoW online tournaments confirmed
Now that's a VERY good news for PvP players, it seems that Blizzard will allow a few gaming leagues to run their own WoW servers to organize tournaments and let players use "tournament accounts" to join them and compete with other teams from other battlegroups. This was revealed during an interview on SK-Gaming  with David "Shawn" K, head admin for World of Warcraft at the ESL. I will only quote the part about the online tournament feature, you can read the full interview on SK-Gaming 
Does ESL have any plans to host more wow tournaments?
"Our first step will be an online tournament on an event realm that Blizzard is providing us with."

Since the public's response to the Dreamhack tournament was really positive we definitely plan to stick to WoW. One of the big goals that we have is to establish a 'pro'-scene, especially for European teams. The American scene is a lot more evolved right now with their small offline-tournaments on a regular basis, their infamous BG9 and their 'star-players' that actively write blogs and discuss strategies. The European scene is a lot more cluttered right now and only a handful of teams could prove their worth on a more international level. Our first step will be an online tournament on an event realm that Blizzard is providing us with. There is not set date for that yet but it's definitely going to happen quite soon.

An event realm, sounds interesting! Care to elaborate on that?
WoW does not have any kind of custom game option that you usually know from eSport-games and players are spread among dozens of servers. The only way to make sure that only those teams play against each other that you want to is to get them on a special server – an even realm. Those are regular servers but only visible to special accounts. Those accounts have all eight classes at level 70 and every character has thousands of gold and bags packed with all possible PvP-items to chose from. When the players are done with setting up both teams queue up at the same time, join the same arena and there is no risk of interfering.

More details and full interview SK-Gaming 



Wrath of the Lich King - 5 New Artworks
If you've been reading this site for a very, very, very long time, you might remember this news about artworks from Peter Lee. Good news, he updated his site a month ago and added a few WotLK artworks, some of them were never published before as far as I know I think I saw the last one somewhere but can't find it anymore. I also mirrored a few other BC artworks from his latest update but there are a lot more on his site 

All his artworks at Peterconcept.com 
His work as Drawgoon on Sonsofthestorm.com 




New WotLK Artworks

   
   
 


A few more artworks

       
       
       
       


Free Mojo bug hotfixed
I actually wanted to news about this today, but Blizzard hotfixed it before I could write my post. It's still interesting enough to talk about it and it will probably save the time of the hundreds of people who'll be trying to find out why it's not working anymore today.

Yesterday, someone discovered a very interesting bug : if you went to the camp next to Zul'aman where you get all the quests related to the dungeon, you could simply kiss one of the troll here to get a free [item=33993] ! Yes, it was that simple, but it was fixed a few hours later on both EU and US servers and kissing Prigmon won't do anything else but make him happy now. 

For the moment, there isn't any official statement about what will happen with all the [item=33993] obtained through this bug and if you still want one you'll have to use the good old [item=33865].


 


Comics
Dark Legacy #127 - The Circle of Life 


 