Boubouille2007-06-22, 08:13 AMWe've been able to identify and develop a solution to the issue of some teams receiving the incorrect end-of-season Arena rewards. We're going to be resolving this by performing a two hour maintenance tonight, beginning at 5:00 AM PDT, June 22, and lasting until approximately 7:00 AM PDT.

During this maintenance all of the end-of-season rewards will be resent to the correct teams and players. By resending the rewards players who already have an Armored Nether Drake will simply receive duplicates. As these are unique items the new mail messages can only be deleted. The Arena titles will also be applied again, and players will have the correct title available to them after the maintenance.

We appreciate everyone's patience in awaiting this resolution, and apologize for any inconvenience or frustration that it may have caused. 

To recap the issue: after the maintenance, patch release, and end of season 1, it became apparent that not all teams that were intended to receive their Gladiator title and Armored Nether Drake did in fact receive them. Instead the rewards seemed to be sent to some teams while others only received lower ranking titles. At this time it only appears to have affected select realms. Since then we’ve been able to determine that the issue was specifically an error in rewarding teams appropriately. We’re currently in the process of testing a fix, using data recorded from when the realms were brought down for maintenance to determine if this fix will correct the issue. We're waiting for the fix to be tested before discussing how the issue will be resolved as we simply don't know what the best available course of action we can take is until we have a working solution. 
Source http://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/thread.html?topicId=111911286&sid=1

Comics

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/siteImages/images/news/2007/june/lfg54.jpg http://www.lfgcomic.com/page/54

Website
I didn't have a decent computer in the last days this is why I "stopped" the updates on the content, this is now fixed and even if it's not working perfect, I'll be able to finish the updates in the next days. 
I should have something ready in a few hours actually.