Boubouille2008-04-11, 10:18 AMWrath of the Lich King - Alpha starting
Two days ago I wrote a few lines  concerning the first phase of alpha testing for WotLK. During the last few days it's been confirmed by a few other sources and sites and we can assume it will be starting very soon, however there are a few very important point of details you've got to keep in mind :

The alpha isn't public, it's mostly restricted to Blizzard employees and a few other people but if you're a normal player you won't be able to enter it. 
People participating in the alpha testing have accepted a strict NDA  and aren't allowed to post even a single screenshot from the expansion.
Any email or site asking you to sign up for the beta is a scam, the only goal is to steal your account.



Blizzard will make tons of announcement when the first phase of public testing will start, and won't send any mail before that. 
Email. It's why when it comes time for a beta, we will remind everyone sometimes to the point of annoyance to please please please update your contact information and email. There were many people that never got an invitation because they had a bad email.
In short, the first phase of beta testing started, it doesn't mean we'll get new information about the expansion anytime soon, and if you were a part of alpha test phase you'd already have your account by now. As soon as you get a chance to enter the beta Blizzard will make sure that you know about it before sending anything in your mail. 


Twin Eredars 2nd world kill by SK-Gaming
Yesterday at 10:00PM CEST and 4 hours after Nihilum , see this post , SK-Gaming  got the second first kill of the Eredar Twins, 4th boss of the Sunwell Plateau. The competition for the US first kill is still open and we'll probably write something about it when it happens, stay tuned. 

Loots
[item=34856], [item=34190], [item=35292], [item=34206], [item=34196]


 


Hotfixes for the Week of April 7 - 13
Several bugs have been fixed with the Shattered Sun Pendants.
Shattered Sun Pendants of Acumen and Might will now be triggered only by spells and abilities which cause damage.
Shattered Sun Pendant of Might will no longer break crowd control effects such as Scattershot with its triggered effect.
Shattered Sun Pendants of Acumen, Might, and Restoration now all have correct range limits.



Other blue posts
PvE to PvP Transfers
We have no current plans to implement PvE to PvP transfers or to launch a new PvP realm at this time. We are aware it's an option if that's what you mean, but we tend to avoid saying words like "never" as things can always change. So in these terms I guess this transfer type has been "on the table" for about 2 or so years now, but we have no plans to implement it right now. Source 

Onyxia Attunement will not be removed
We don't currently have any plans to change this and are comfortable with how it is right now. Source 

Are the new music added to the game during the last months available on any soundtrack ?
Not at this point in time, but should that change, we'll definitely get the word out. It's a common question though. We do have a CD with the new Inn music on it that was sold at BlizzCon, but it's not currently available anywhere else. Source 


Europe - Game Time Credit
On April 8th a technical issue caused 6 hours of downtime for the realms of the Crueldad, Hinterhalt, Némésis and Nightfall Battlegroups.

As a result we will credit all players with an active character on the affected realms with 1 day of game time credit. This will be credited to the eligible accounts in the next few weeks. Please accept our apologies for the inconvenience this has caused.


Comics
A new comic from GUComics related to this article  quoting an executive from THQ saying that World of Warcraft has "peaked".


 