Boubouille2007-12-31, 10:04 AMLast news of the year, see you in 2008 !

WoWModelViewer - Updated item list
If you've been browsing this site for more than 2 weeks, you probably know what's WoWModelViewer. If you don't, it's a software used to browse through ingame models of items/characters/buildings/spells/things. 

The other purpose of this software is to let you preview your gear on a character in a much better way than the ingame dressup room, but there is a slight problem with it : it requires a complete item list. Lately the official WMV site hasn't been updated with one, but hopefully users from the WoWModelViewer forums  are working hard to keep it updated. 

How to install and update WoWModelViewer
1. Download WoWModelViewer from its official site  and not from anywhere else
2. Download the updated list on the forum post linked above, or just get it here 
3. Delete your old items.csv and replace it with the updated_items.csv Rename it to items.csv
4. Launch, enjoy   


Addon - WoWEquip
Another extremely useful addon today, WoWEquip ! 

What does it do ?
That's an ingame profiler, it will preview the stats of your character and let you switch any items to see how it affects all your stats. 

Installation
Download WoWEquip , extract in your addons folder as usual.
Once in game, type /wowequip
Right click any item to change it by another one just by searching its name. 
Left click items to enchant/socket items. 
If you can't find an item, it's because your game never "saw" the item, if you really want to get it on the list of available items get the itemID from Wowhead  the itemID is the 4 or 5 digits number at the end of the adress of the item page and query it through the interface available in the item list of WoWEquip.


 


Dark Legacy Comics #123
This one isn't fully understandable if you didn't read the previous comics :
Dark Legacy #85 - Shallows 
Dark Legacy #96 - The Quest Chain # 
Dark Legacy #97 - The Quest Chain # 
Dark Legacy #98 - The Quest Chain # 
Dark Legacy #99 - The Quest Chain # 
Dark Legacy #100 - The Quest Chain Fin: Rise of the Gnomes 
Dark Legacy #114 - The Flight of Nyte 
Dark Legacy #123 - Buffly!  Today's comic




 