Boubouille2007-12-07, 07:35 AMWrath of the Lich King : Blizzard needs you !
Well, Blizzard doesn't really need you, but they'd be very happy to hear your feedback on your class. Both european and american community managers started topics in each class forums to ask players their view on their classes and how they would like to see it improved in the expansion. 
We're currently gathering class feedback from players for Wrath of the Lich King concerning thoughts on the areas of each class that is perceived to be most in need of improvement. This thread is not intended for discussion purposes and we ask that you please review the below format before presenting your feedback. It's very important for us to be able to review all provided feedback and as a result, not following the required format will very likely result in your post being removed.

American Forums 
Druid 
Hunter 
Mage 
Paladin 
Priest 
Rogue 
Shaman 
Warlock 
Warrior  Forums
Druid 
Hunter 
Mage 
Paladin 
Priest 
Rogue 
Shaman 
Warlock 
Warrior 


Blue posts
A few noteworthy blue posts today, it seems that they had to remove the useful Vendors in boats and zeppelins, there isn't any official reason but we can assume it's because of a very important bug or exploit.
Transporation Vendors Removal
The vendors on the Boats and Zeppelins throughout Azeroth have run out stock and shut up shop, they are no longer able to service you with their wares. Source 

BG Daily quest display issue
There is a known issue where re-logging after completing the daily battleground quest will result in your honour estimation displaying incorrectly. Please note that this is just a display issue, and any honour you are owed should be applied as normal the next day. Source 

Rogue
An issue has been identified with Vanish/Cloak of Shadows not working properly in some situation and it's being worked on. Source 

Warrior
The bug allowing Warriors to Intercept/Intervene through the whole map  as long as the target was in range in the first place will be fixed in a future patch. Source 

Death Knights
No final decision has been made on whether ther will be an additional slot or not to let people create a Death Knight character. For the moment it looks like people will have to delete one of their character if they don't have any slot left but it could be changed in the future. Source 

Feast of Winter Veil
The Feast of Winter Veil will start on December, 15. Source 

Dalaran
Quests around the current location of Dalaran shouldn't be changed with the expansion. It's just a matter of renaming a few things like "Kill people near Dalaran" into "Kill people near Dalaran Terrace". Source 


2v2 and 3v3 Arena Tournament at the Los Angeles CGS
One more league enters the wonderful world of WoW tournament ! The CGS  will start with a 2v2 and a 3v3 tournament during their event in Los Angeles this week end. As usual we'll do our best to provide all the information you can need on the tournament. 

Both finalists of the Dreamhack will participate in the tournament, Team Pandemic  will have the exact same team Nitrana / Ecilam / Kintt while MoB will only send one team with a few new players according to this post  
Press Release - Dell Inc.

Special Event Hosted by Championship Gaming Series During World Final on December 8th
3v3 Teams to Engage In Round-Robin Style Competition
Four Teams Will Compete For $10,000 Purse As Well As Three XPS M1730 World of Warcraft Edition notebook PCs



Dell and Blizzard Entertainment® have teamed to sponsor a World of Warcraft® tournament as part of the Championship Gaming SeriesTM .CGS league's inaugural World Final. CGS will host the tournament-within-a-tournament event on Saturday, Dec. 8 at Sony Studios in Los Angeles.

Blizzard Entertainment is inviting the top four World of Warcraft 3v3 teams in the U.S. to compete professionally for a grand cash prize of $10,000. Each member of the winning team will also receive the recently announced XPS M1730 World of Warcraft Edition notebook.

Three vs. three player teams who are up for the challenge will play round-robin style against each other, to prove themselves the game’s best Arena competitors. The tournament will begin at 2 p.m. PST with the final match starting at 8 p.m. PST, and the final two teams will compete on XPS M1730 World of Warcraft Edition notebooks loaded with Windows Vista Ultimate.

Also on December 8, CGS will hold its World of Warcraft 2v2 Championship. The event will feature premier American and European pairs battling for a top prize of $30,000.

Adding to the excitement, both tournaments will be webcast at www.thecgs.com  and featured on the Dell Lounge at [url=www.delllounge.com] www.delllounge.com.