Boubouille2007-12-20, 07:03 PMUpdate : Post updated with 2.3 Battlegrounds Honor calculations and new PTR patch build, "minor" news might be added a bit later, or tomorrow. 

Sunwell and 2.4 Details.
Source - acaciaizm.com 

The swedish magazine Level published a special World of Warcraft magazine. In the latest issue they included an interview with Jeff Kaplan Tigole about the patch 2.4, and obviously the Sunwell instances.

Sunwell Isle
Sunwell Isle will be located off the coast, north of Silvermoon, and will be patched in with patch 2.4
Sunwell Isle will be a major questing hub with a 5-man Normal and Heroic Instance Magister's Terrace and a 25-man raid Sunwell Plateau. The goal with Sunwell Isle is to close the Burning Crusade storyline before the release of the next expansion.
There are still a few scenarios left that could be released to provide the players with more content if WotLK gets delayed for any reason.
At the release of the patch, players will access a small expedition camp where they can start questing. However as the questing progresses, players will expand the camp and make it grow to a small town by retaking building to the enemies running daily quests mostly. You can consider it as a AQ Gates opening event, the more daily quests that gets done, the faster the whole server will progress. 
The quests will end the Tempest Keep story arc.
"The Shattered Sun Offensive" will be the new faction of this quest hub. It also seems that Aldor and Scryers will finally start fighting together against the new threat. 
Both 5-man and 25-man dungeons will be accessible from the start, but some bosses will have to be unlocked by running the daily quests server-wide and/or leveling your reputation. The 5-man instance will most likely requires Honored reputation with The Shattered Sun Offensive, the first three bosses of the 25-man instance will be accessible from the start, while the three last ones will have to be unlocked through questing.



Sunwell Plateau
Kael'thas will be one of the boss of the 5-man dungeon, he's still alive and he's now got a huge green crystal etched to his chest.
Kil'jaeden will be the final boss of the 25-man instance. The other bosses include Brutalicus, a giant Pit Lord who has lost his wings, Kalecgos, a blue dragon enslaved by Kil'jaeden, a Fel Dragon, the female Eredar Twins, and a Dark Naaru.
The 25-man instance will be slightly harder than Black Temple, and is tuned for Tier 6 geared players. 
There will not be any "real" Tier 7 set, but some of the drops will be set pieces not necessarily class specific. The drops quality will be above T6.



Daily quests
Patch 2.4 will raise the cap of Daily quests allowed in a day from 10 to 25. 



PvP
Balancing actions will be taken in regard to PvP for certain classes.
Blizzard have large plans for arena, and they will be aiming to bring it closer to e-sport acceptance.



You can find a few more details on  

But that's not the end ! If you've been looking at patches carefully, you might have seen the name of Brutalicus somewhere ... yup, he's already in the game files !


 

-----------

New PTR Build
Build 7740 has been applied to PTRs, didn't see any specific changes to classes/items here, just bug fixes.

Patch from latest PTR Build 7705
 WoW-0.3.2.7720-to-0.3.2.7741-enUS-patch.exe [Download ]
 WoW-0.3.2.7720-to-0.3.2.7741-enGB-patch.exe [Download ]
 WoW-0.3.2.7720-to-0.3.2.7741-deDE-patch.exe [Download ]
 WoW-0.3.2.7720-to-0.3.2.7741-frFR-patch.exe [Download ]
 WoW-0.3.2.7720-to-0.3.2.7741-esES-patch.exe [Download ]


-----------

Alterac Valley 2.3 Calculations.
Nethaera finally the promised post  about the differences on honor calculations during BG Weekends. It's fairly long and you won't have any nice Blizzard Quote layout mostly because it was bugged to death on this post for some reason. 

----------------

With the release of patch 2.3.0, players have seen many changes to the way that honor gain occurs in Battlegrounds and most noticeably in Alterac Valley. Many aspects of this battleground have been changed to promote a more strategic event and rewards players for participating in many aspects of the battleground. Despite the changes made, the overall intention of these changes is to maintain a level of honor gain that players have become accustomed to as well as maintain pacing of how long the matches may last. Prior to the changes implemented in patch 2.3.0, honor gains were less consistent in how they were calculated, there were long games, extra-long games, short games, and holiday bonus honor calculations all factored in. With the patch, we have better simplified and defined this for active participants in these matches.

With these changes has also come some confusion in regard to where honor bonus comes from during holiday weekends as well as how best for players to optimize gaining bonus honor within the battlegrounds. To help clear up this confusion, we have taken the time to put together more information.

Diminishing Returns

It’s important for players to understand the nature of gaining honor and what role diminishing returns plays with this. Diminishing returns on honor occurs over time as you kill the same opponent. For each kill you make past the initial kill, the honor gained for it is reduced by 10%. After ten kills of the same opponent, that player is no longer worth any honor.

Estimated Honor

Estimated Honor will show an amount of honor that does not factor in diminishing returns. This number can be less depending on whether or not you had a lot of kills where diminishing returns were applied. Honor is shared among players in a Raid when they are within range of a kill. When fractions of a kill or decimal amounts of honor are gained by a kill, the User Interface will round the estimated honor up to show one Honor point gained. Given enough time what shows as ten Honor points, could actually only be five Honor points gained.

Daily honor calculations can also cause estimated honor to appear larger than what it actually is. If a player plays prior to the honor calculations being run, and then during or shortly after, the estimated honor may appear as a part of the previous day’s totals. In actuality, this honor applies to the next day and will be correctly calculated the next night when the next batch of honor calculations are run.

Regular Honor vs. Holiday Honor

Some weekends are considered Holiday weekends for a particular battleground. Envoys for the holiday battleground will be located within the major cities. Holiday weekends grant bonus honor for meeting particular goals within the battleground.

The chart below shows the amount of regular honor and holiday bonus honor for each of the battlegrounds as well as the reputation gains.

It is important to note the following: one kill= 20.9 honor at level 70.

*Map Complete refers to the bonus honor awarded on holiday weekends for both the winning and losing teams when the match has concluded.

Alterac Valley
Bonus HonorNormal Holiday
Tower Destruction3 Kills3 Kills
Enemy NPC Kill0 Kills0 Kills
Captain Kill3 Kills3 Kills
General Kill4 Kills4 Kills
Map Complete0 Kills4 Kills
Per owned Graveyard0 Kills0 Kills
Live Captain2 Kills2 Kills
Per Undestroyed Tower 2 Kills2 Kills
Per Owned Mine0 Kills0 Kills

ReputationNormal Holiday
Tower Destruction1218
Enemy NPC Kill55
Captain Kill125185
General Kill350525
Map Complete00
Per owned Graveyard1218
Live Captain125175
Per Undestroyed Tower 1218
Per Owned Mine2436


Warsong Gulch 
HonorNormal Holiday
Flag Capture2 Kills2 Kills
Win1 Kills3 Kills
Map Complete 2 Kills4 Kills

ReputationNormal Holiday
Flag Capture 3545
Win----


Arathi Basin 
HonorNormal Holiday
Honor per resource 1 Kills per 330 resources 1 Kills per 200 resources
Win1 Kills1 Kills
Map Complete1 Kills1 Kills

ReputationNormal Holiday
Reputation per resource 10 per 200 resources 10 per 150 resources
Win00


Eye of the Storm 
HonorNormal Holiday
Honor per resource1 Kills per 330 resources1 Kills per 200 resources
Win1 Kills1 Kills
Map Complete1 Kills1 Kills

ReputationNormal Holiday
Reputation per resource NO REP available NO REP available