Boubouille2008-04-09, 11:23 AMUpdate - The first gate is now open on European servers.

Nothing really exciting today for the moment, the 1st gate of Sunwell Plateau will probably unlock today for European Realms and we can expect a first kill from the top guilds *cough*SK ?*cough* here if everything goes well. 

Also, nothing is confirmed yet but according to the first rumors the   activation a few days ago could be related to the beginning of the very first alpha of WotLK. It will be restricted to developers working on WotLK and a few other people and I doubt we'll get any leaks from that, however it should be followed by the Friend & Family alpha with a lot more people involved. Of course, keep in mind that none of this is officialy confirmed.

This post will be updated to warn european players once the first gate is unlocked. Oh, and we might have something about Thori'dal, the Stars' Fury  tomorrow. Nothing big, but if you plan to loot the bow at some point it's probably worth checking

Arena Tournament Schedule
There has been some confusion because of an error in a blue post on the European Forums, Thundgot made another post to confirm the schedule.
First Qualification Round: The Tournament realms will be open for the First Qualification round from March 31, 2008 to May 21, 2008.

Registration: Registration for the First Qualification Round will be possible from March 31, 2008 to May 6, 2008.

Practice: Practice period for the Qualification Round unranked matches will start on March 31, 2008 and end on April 9, 2008.

Ranked Matches: Ranked matches will start on April 9, 2008 and end on May 21, 2008.

The schedule is set up to finish on May 21st, with the four weeks leading up to that date being the weeks counting for the rating an the two before those being the official practice period for the qualifier. Source 
There are also a few more posts to answer questions related to the Arena Tournament, you're getting used to it.
If you wish to take part in the 2nd qualification round which will take place after the first one finished on May 20, you will need to re-register your account.
And if you still don't know what's the Arena Tournament where have you been for the past 2 months ?, Vaneras made a small recap. 
On the new dedicated Arena Tournament realms, players can create level 70 characters of any class or race, get free epic equipment, enchantments, gold, and can customize their character's talent build as often as desired. On these realms, the cream of the crop of PVP players can compete for glory, battling it out to claim over $200,000 in prizes!

If you haven’t signed up, you still have a chance to register in the 2008 Arena Tournament! For more information, please check out the Arena Tournament page, the F.A.Q., or our new dedicated forum!

Arena Tournament Page:  
F.A.Q:  
Arena Tournament Forum:  


Outdoor buffs changes
You can't really use them anymore in raids since a few months, but a few changes will be made to some outdoor buffs like the one from Sayge Darkmoon Faire so that they won't vanish on logout. 
We are aware of this issue, it was caused by a change to several zone-wide buffs such as the buffs from killing onyxia.

These buffs will be changed in the next patch to be removed only when zoning into a raid instance.


WotLK and classes changes
According to this post made by Bornakk, it looks like all classes will get their share of changes. 
Overall it isn't that hard to change one thing, the issue is the ripple this will have down the chain. One small change can make a big impact on not just the class, but how well it performs in groups, in PvP, and in PvE so we have to evaluate as many scenarios as possible before making the change live.

Based on one change we would want to check out all of the other classes and see what changes they need to keep things balanced too.

Currently we are already working on going through every class in this way, while also adding a bunch of new things because, lets face it, we all like new things.


Hunters - Hunter's Mark overwriting
This is working correctly, once improved hunter's mark is on a target any Hunter's mark improved or not will refresh the duration of the existing mark not overwrite it. The buff does not change in any way just the duration remaining.


New Fan Wallpaper - Akama
We just added a new fan wallpaper to our World of Warcraft fan wallpapers section. This wallpaper features some amazing artwork with Akama, the leader of the Ashtongue Deathsworn, as he gloats over the corpse of the fallen Betrayer:  


 