Boubouille2007-11-23, 05:31 AMWoW TCG : Rocket Chicken
The latest expansion of the trading card game : March of the Legion, has been released 2 days ago and the new items are now available on wowhead.
[item=34499]
[item=34492]
[item=34493]



You can see a description of all loots in TCG loot confirmation post, but there is something new that I didn't notice earlier. You can see the [item=34492] in action in Booty Bay ! You might want to check it out if you plan to buy tons of cards to get it. 


 


Blizzard at Dreamhack Winter 2007
We might be covering the dreamhack depending on how successfuly we can get info from people here. I'd say 80% chances that we post something about it. Anyway it's nice to see some PvP tournaments again ^^
Blizzard will be attending Dreamhack Winter 2007, in Jönköping, Sweden, one of the world's largest computer festivals. Dreamhack runs from November 29th to December 2nd.
For more information on Dreamhack:  

"World’s best World of Warcraft-players will gather at DreamHack Winter to fight about $75,000 in cash prizes and world champion title of 2007 in WoW: Arena 3vs3. This new tournament was today officially announced and DreamHack is proud to be the arena for this epic event."

The 8 top-ranked teams from a now-cancelled World of Warcraft pro-gaming event are invited to compete in the international Intel® Extreme Masters Season II through collaboration between ESL, Intel, Blizzard and Dell.

The tournament will take place on November 29th and 30th. The eight qualified teams are
Pandemic
Check Six
Mob TurtleBeach
Evil Geniuses 
Insurrection
Mob TurtlePower
Mob TurtleForce
Fnatic



For more information on Intel® Extreme Masters:  
Team changes
Even if the blue post says that 8 US teams will be here, it seems that 4 of these teams declined the offer to participate in the tournaments. European teams have been invited instead and it's confirmed that mYm.WoW  and SK-Gaming  will be here. Thanks to Mackelina from mYm  for the information

Prize Money Distribution:
First Place: 45,000 US-Dollar
Second Place: 22,500 US-Dollar
Third Place: 7,500 US-Dollar



Furthermore all teams receive 4,500 US-Dollar travel refund. This are all in all 36,000 US-Dollar.


Reminder : PCNC available in Europe
2 days ago the news got flooded by the tons of 2.3.2 information and I'd say that 80% of the readers didn't see it. Didn't change much during the last two days except that there is now a news on the official site, it's still 8 euros.
Things to Know Before You Start!
The Character Name Change process is not immediate and may take several hours to complete because of the approval process involved. Your character will NOT be available for play during this time.
Each Character Name Change costs 8,00€ £6.00. This covers a single name change for a single character.
A character's name may only be changed once every 90 days.
The name you choose must be available on the character's realm, and must be within the World of Warcraft Naming Policy.
A Character Name Change cannot be reversed once completed, except by a second name change operation subject to the above costs and limitations.
Once the name change is completed, your character's old name will be locked from use on the realm for 90 days. After that time, the old name becomes available again and can be claimed by anyone on its realm on a first-come, first-served basis.
Please review the Character Name Change FAQ for answers to common questions about this service.
The Character Name Change service only allows one change per transaction. If you would like to change multiple character names, you will need to pay for each one separately.