Boubouille2007-10-01, 05:41 AMFew more things about some items
I didn't have much time to talk about everything last week, we had already way too many things on the site. 
For all the warriors still wondering where they can get [item=33174], it drops from Enraged Air Spirits , Enraged Earth Spirits , Enraged Water Spirits  and Enraged Fire Spirits  in Shadowmoon Valley.
Terokk now drops [item=32782], it transforms you into an Arakkoa for 5 minutes and the best part is ... it doesn't fade when you change zone, take damage, fight, or anything like that. but you can't mount while transformed like any other transformation
I forgot to one loot from the Headless Horseman added in 2.2.2 during the halloween event, see the other loots in this post , you can get an awesome pet from him called Sinister Squashling. It's a walking pumpkin that will dig itself in the earth when you don't move. Thanks to Beeble for the screenshots




   

Season 1 gear for honor at the beginning of Season 3
If you read this site often, you know that the Season 1 arena gear will be available from honor points vendor when the season 3 starts. However I missed a blue post written before the week end with a very interesting detail. I also added this to the list of PvP changes in the 2.3 "unofficial patch notes" just below. 
Update 12:00 : I should really sleep more, weapons will indeed be included, post was from 08.28 not 09.28 not my fault, blame Wildhorn
We've stated on numerous occasions that Season 1 items will be available from honor vendors, and this does include weapons.


Patch 2.2.2 and 2.3
Small reminder for the beginning of the week.
2.2.2 Patch
According to this blue post on french official forums , the brewfest should start on October 3rd. The 2.2.2 patch should be deployed on live servers tuesday and 
2.3 Patch
If you read this post  from Tigole, you will see that Blizzard plans to release the 2.3 on PTR this week, which means Zul'aman, new items everywhere, official patch notes for the classes changes, and more. 

This week will probably be a very busy one, if you're a member if you're not, go register !  you might experience some problem logging in while the site is in "omg server is burning mode". 


Last batch of 2.2 Patch undocumented changes
Viral updated once again his post on the official forums  listing all the 2.2 undocumented changes. I will only add the latest additions in the post, you can see the old ones in this news 

Character Models, Animation, & Spell Effects
Spell Reflect graphic changed; now appears on the character instead of over them
Frostbolt has flashier, more dynamic impact effect
Counterspell has new graphic that encircles the target



Items
Grips of Silent Justice now recolored tier 6 warrior gloves instead of recolored tier 6 paladin gloves
Netherweave bandages now sell to vendors for 12 silver, 75 copper
Heavy Neatherweave bandages now sell to vendors for 30 silver
Wicked Edge of the Planes no longer has the firey trail behind it
Sylvanaar Champion's Shoulders have had their strength bonus reduced from +36 to +22
Letters are now soulbound, role players fail to grok reasoning behind this change
Deprecated Tauren Trapper's Pants no longer makes your character's underwear disappear which, if worn by a tauren, comes as a relief to every other race in the game



UI & Game Mechanics
Monstrous Kaliri also give soul shards now, still no less obnoxious
The Illidan encounter seems to have changed, now includes a 25 minute berserk timer
Warlock Dreadsteed quest now requires one arcanite bar down from three. Veteran warlocks everywhere shake their vile little fists in rage
Drain Life spell indicates player gains X life every 0 seconds
Resurrection spells appear to be returning players to life with quite a bit more life and mana
Skyguard reputation gain has been more than slightly increased
Tainted and Enchanted elementals in the Vashj encounter now track as Elementals instead of Humanoids





Comics
Two comics today, the usual Dark Legacy and another one that might reminds you an old Dark Legacy again comic 


   