Boubouille2007-12-24, 05:54 AMMerry Christmas ! Yes, I'm one day early but I don't expect many people to read the site tomorrow, however if you come we might have cookies for you. 

2.3.2 Patch information
Just a few words to let you know that the 2.3.2 Information Compilation  has been updated, patch mirrors are now fairly recents and the item changes I posted a week ago have been added as well. 

As a reminder, this patch won't go live until 2008 because of the christmas holidays. We're not getting any server maintenance this week and the week after anyway


2.4 and Sunwell information Q&A
Acaciaizm.com  has been updated about the 2.4 preview see this news with a few questions and answers from various sources, including this site. Yay !

Here is a short summary :
There wasn't anything said about the "Legendary Hunter Bow". 
No talks about new Badges/Honor/Reputation rewards either, except the new Shattered Sun Offensive faction.
Sets aren't class specifics, but will be tuned to fit specific needs for classes including a Warrior and a Holy paladin tuned set.
The Daily Quest cap is raised to 25 because Blizzard doesn't really want to limit them anymore and understand that people like to grind money by running daily quests instead of bashing monsters. Also, keep in mind that the patch will introduce tons of new daily quests to help building/claiming the town in Sunwell
The design of Magister's Terrace 5-man is based on Silvermoon City, it will also features the Blood Elve Observatory. 
The Sunwell Plateau 5-man will be a multiple-buildings instance powered by captured Naarus. The last room will contain the Sunwell. 
Kael'thas is being reused in the 5-man instance, but might be available only in heroic mode.
Devs want to let more players experience the lore and get the chance to meet characters such as Kael'thas. 
Heroic instances requirements Revered to Honored have been changed to let new players and alts experience enter them without having to farm normal instances. 
For more details, read the much longer article on Acaciaizm.com 





Comics
It's monday, and I think we all know what it means ... Dark Legacy  !


 