Boubouille2007-04-12, 03:34 PMA few days ago, "fake" patch notes were posted in a few places. Nobody paid attention to them but something nice just happened. Today, Aeus made a post concerning Darkmoon Faire Trinkets on the official forums

After the upcoming content patch you will have the chance to find additional Darkmoon cards Lunacy, Storms, Furies and Blessings on high level creatures in Outlands, which you can turn in to the Darkmoon Faire to make powerful new Darkmoon card trinkets. 
Source http://forums.wow-europe.com/thread.html?topicId=275607937&sid=1
So ... What's the problem ? These changes were in the presumed fake patch notes, with the exact same name for each card. How could someone get this kind of informations 3 days before it's officialy posted ? 
One thing is sure, it doesn't look that fake anymore and they're worth posting. 

Anyway before reading the notes, don't forget to check the other important post of the day readding it because it spent less than an hour at the top of this page.

Jewelcrafting: The cooldown times on Earthstorm and Skyfire Diamond transmutes have been reduced to one day.
Herbalism: The chances to find a Fel Lotus while picking an herb have been increased.
Tailoring: The Spellfire and Shadoweave tunics have been changed to robes.
Primal Nethers may now be puchased from G'eras for Badges of Justice

Source http://forums.wow-europe.com/thread.html?topicId=275607940&sid=1


------------------------------------------------------------

These notes are by no way official, trust them if you want to. The only thing making them credible is the source http://pastey.net/11284 containing informations 3 days before they were official.

Should be released shortly but a few of the changes but several changes involving all classes that aren't including in this list as well more for those in the list. Also most changes are paraphrased 

Druid
Bear Mangle damage increased by +15% but bonus threat has been reduced so threat should be the same
Omen of Clarity no longer castable in Moonkin or Tree
Swiftmend will now properly penalize +healing benefits for casting low rank Rejuvs or Regrowths
Barkskin now reduces all damage taken, duration reduced to 12 second with cooldown reduced to 1 minute, Tooltip changed to say it can be used while frozen, incapacitated, cowering in fear functionality always present but wasn't in the tooltip
Cyclone will no longer work on hunters with "The Beast Within" active or hunter pets wtih "Bestial Wrath" active
Epic Flight Form quest opened up similar in nature to Paladin/Warlock epic mount quests. Also adds a new boss to Sethikk Halls


Hunters
New avoidance ability for pets reducing damage from AOE spells & abilities
New cobra reflexes ability for pets that increases atk spd but reduces damage
Entrapment duration reduced to 4 seconds and now subject to diminishing returns in PvP
Expose weakness changed so triggers with 33/66/100% chance at 1/2/3 talent points
Hunter's Mark now becomes stronger each time the target is struck by a ranged attack
Survival Instincts now also increase atk pwr by 2%/4%
Pet mending changed somehow


Paladins
Illumination only gives 50% of the mana cost of crit heals also returns correct mana amount when used with rank 4 or 5 of Holy Shock
Seal of Righteousness no longer gives additional chances for weapon procs to trigger
Seal of Blood no longer gives additional chances for weapon procs to trigger
Stoicism should now properly affect all magic effects cast by a paladin and will no longer apply double its benefit to Blessing of Might and Blessing of Wisdom
Avenging Wrath and Divine Shield can't be used together anymore they are fixing how forbearance works for these apparently


Priests
Binding Heal mana cost has been reduced by 32%
Circle of Healing effect increased
Shadow Word: Death cooldown increased to 12 seconds
Pain Suppression now reduces damage taken by 65% and increase dispel resistance by 65% for the duration


Shaman
Windfury Weapon, mixing 2 ranks while dual wielding will no longer increase the number of windfury procs
Frostbrand Weapon, now properly receives increased effect from spell damage


Warlock
Spell Lock duration reduced to 5 seconds Rank 1 and 6 seconds Rank 2, cooldown reduced to 24 seconds


Warrior
Flurry has had atk spd increases reduced to 5/10/15/20/25% from 10/15/20/25/30
Death Wish and Enrage no longer stack
Commanding Shout now increases your max health but your health stays a constant percentage


Item Changes
All items of Tier 5 and above quality have been upgraded to reflect their intended power
Armor: All items that spent part of their budget on increased armor have been reevaluated. Some have added armor while others have gained additional bonuses.
Heroic instances will now always drop epic loot off the end boss and all heroic bosses have a chance for epic gems
Additional darkmoon cards can now be found on high level outland creatures. They can be turned in to the darkmoon faire to make powerful new darkmoon card trinkets. Look for Lunacy, Storms, Furies and Blessings cards.
Alcohol Stam buffs no longer stack with stam buffs from other foods


SSC Changes
Trash before Hydross and around Lurker Blizzard calls them the six pumping stations have had respawn timer increased from 45 minutes to 2 hours
Trash no longer respawns if the boss nearby has been killed
Lady Vashj will no longer use Persuasion
Tidewalker Lurkers no longer call for help from nearby creatures
Greyheart Technicians are now easier to kill and deal less damage
Coilfang Priesttesses may now be polymorphed.
Morogrim Tidewalker's Earthquake can no longer be LOS'ed