Boubouille2007-12-20, 03:01 AM2.3.2 Patch and lag fixes
It seems that the latest PTR build didn't really improve the ping as much as expected, keep in mind that PTRs servers are always more laggy than live ones before crying too badly. And you can still use the lag fix I posted a few days ago, again, use it at your own risks

Anyway, there is still plenty of time to fix GCD and lag issues since we won't be getting the 2.3.2 Patch until 2008 No long maintenances during holidays, remember ?, Blizzard is working on it and this is why we're getting a new PTR Build today. 
There will be PTR maintenance tomorrow morning December 20th to apply a new build to the PTR realms.


Free Oceanic character transfers
This one will probably make a lot of people happy, Oceanic servers are getting free transfers and new servers. 
We will be offering free character moves from high population Oceanic realms to assist in population dispersal. The ability to move a character on the selected source realms will become available on Thursday, December 20 at 12:01 PM PDT, and are scheduled to run until Thursday, December 27 at 12:01 PM PDT.

In the event that a realm meets our transfer goals before the scheduled end date, the transfers to that realm will be disabled. We highly recommend that if you are planning to transfer that you do so at your earliest convenience.

Once the transfers open you can begin your transfer by visiting the Character Move page located here:  

Source Group A PvP
Barthilas, Frostmourne, Jubei'Thos

Destination Realm A PvP
Thaurissan

Source Group B PvE
Nagrand, Aman'Thul, Dath'Remar

Destination Realm B PvE
Caelestrasz*

*Caelestrasz is a new realm. Character creation for this realm will be turned off for the duration of the transfers.


Other blue posts
Boats and Zeppelin vendors back in 2.3
There were some propulsion issues with the boats and zeppelins that the Gnomish and Goblin engineers had to address. The vendors and ship crews will be returning with patch 2.3.2. Source 

Faster mounts in WotLK ?
"No we don't have any plans or announced mount changes concerning speed increases. Truthfully speaking I think the epic and super-epic-omg flying mounts move too fast as it is." Source 

Tier 3 Models in lvl80 Naxxramas
Armor models won't be changed at all for the new version, obviously stats will be very different from the old ones. Source 

New races in expansions
"I will repeat what I said in my earlier post in that we will not implement a new race or a new feature just for the sake of having one. We want to make sure it feels right with the story and with what we feel is best for the game." Source 

Using old reputations in expansions ?
It would be nice to re-use old reputations like Hydraxian Waterlords, but this won't be done to not put new players at a big disadvantage with the rewards. Source 

Rogues: Mace Specialization stuns
Mace spec stuns are always affected by diminishing returns. They do not share their diminishing returns with controlled stun abilities such as Cheap Shot. Source 


New fan arts and wallpapers on official site
The official site has been updated with 3 new fan arts and a new wallpaper.


 

     