Boubouille2007-07-24, 04:06 AMZul'aman
Gamesradar.com http://www.gamesradar.com/us/pc/game/previews/article.jsp?articleId=20070716175023553099&releaseId=2005120716480781115722&sectionId=1001&pageId=20070716175222936032 posted a preview of Zul'aman. Frictionless Insight http://www.frictionlessinsight.com/archives/2007/07/zulaman_instanc.html also posted one. Only a few things are new : 
Zul'jin and his enclave of forest trolls have found a way to infuse themselves with animal spirits. 
You will have to chase Narolakk Bear God through the instance before you can fight him.
The bear mount droprate will be stupidly low, same as the [item=19902]
Zul'aman will feature 6 boss, the 4 animal gods, a Witch Doctor, and Zul'jin.
The very first monster of the instance will be a boss. 
The 4 emprisonned spirits will help the raid during the fight against Zul'jin. 
There are 4 prisoners you can save, it seems that they will die overtime. You'll have to be fast if you want to save all of them and get the uber loots. 



For more informations about Zul'aman you can check the Zul'aman preview #1 or Tigole's post about it.

2.2 on PTR
Hortus posted a few things about the 2.2 patch on the PTR. The most interesting information is the confirmation that the Guild Banks and Zul'aman won't be in this patch.
Pre-mades
Because of the very high level of interest in pre-made characters for the PTR they copy systems is very busy, the queues are very long and may take several days before your character is available. We are aware of this and the only solution is to be patient.

If you get an error when trying to copy a pre-made it is because the queue is full and not taking more requests, try again later.

Pre-made gear and abilities
We are aware that some pre-made characters are missing abilities, or have abilities that they should not. We do not intend to make changes to the pre-made characters at this time in the test phase.

Passwords
The authentication server was updated with account information at the beginning of last week. If you have changed your password since the update it will not work on the PTR, you may be able to use an old password on the PTR but there is no guarantee that it will work.

Error 132 with Athlon Processors
We are aware of this issue and it is being investigated, Please be sure to submit any crash logs that you encounter while playing on the PTR.

Orc Shoulders
Orc shoulders are now the correct size, they are not any larger than they were before, it’s your imagination.

Voice Chat
Yes Voice Chat is planned for 2.2. No it is not available yet. When it is available expect an announcement because we intend to do a lot of testing on it.

Guild Banks and Zul'Aman
The new features mentioned in recent developer interviews are planned for a future patch, they will not be part of 2.2.

Deleted Posts
If your post was deleted it was for a reason, and re-posting about it is against the forum rules, repeatedly doing so will result in a vacation from the forums.
Some of the most common reasons for posts to be deleted are:
Duplicate posts
Questions that are already answered in the stickies or other blue posts.
Off-Topic posts
Offensive, combative or otherwise inappropriate posts
General WoW suggestions or feedback not regarding the current PTR changes
Pre-made complaints, or requests