Boubouille2008-06-18, 06:21 PMMake sure you check the site in the upcoming minutes/hours for the 2.4.3 Patch Notes, while we wait here is a small press release from UpperDeck Entertainment. 

WoW TCG - The Hunt for Illidan Loot Cards
The Hunt for Illidan, Upper Deck’s UD latest expansion of the hugely popular World of Warcraft Trading Card Game TCG, is launching July 1st. Be among the first to play a Demon Hero or walk The Path of Illidan at a Sneak Preview event, this Saturday, June 21st! Visit WoWTCG.com  for more information and locations.

Continuing the legacy of wildly popular exclusive in-game items, such as the X-51 Nether-Rocket flying mount from the sold-out Servants of the Betrayer™ expansion, The Hunt for Illidan brings amazing new Loot™ items to Azeroth! Available only through the World of Warcraft TCG, these highly sought-after cards will give lucky players the ability to walk The Path of Illidan, be the life of the party with D.I.S.C.O., or get a full-size Ethereal cosmetic pet! 

UD World of Warcraft TCG Loot™ Cards give players who receive them access to unique World of Warcraft MMORPG in-game items. All Loot™ Cards can only be found through the UD World of Warcraft TCG. The Hunt for Illidan Loot™ items will be available for in-game redemption after Blizzard’s 2.4.3 patch.

Walk like Illidan
The super common Loot for this release is The Path of Illidan, from the card “The Footsteps of Illidan.” Players with this Loot item can walk or run throughout Azeroth, leaving a trail of green glowing footprints. 

Be the Life of the Party
The uncommon Loot in The Hunt for Illidan is D.I.S.C.O., letting players start a party anywhere! Indoors or out, this Loot item comes complete with a disco ball, swirling lights and music! Any nearby players, even of a different faction, can join your party and dance. 

Enter the Ethereal Realm
The rarest Loot in The Hunt for Illidan is the Ethereal Soul-Trader. This in-game item becomes a full-sized Ethereal cosmetic pet, who will collect souls for you and deposit Ethereal money into your bags. With this Ethereal money, you can buy any of the Ethereal Soul-Trader’s ten unique items! Anyone can view the items, but only those lucky enough to have Ethereal money can actually buy them!


   
   