Boubouille2008-05-02, 07:44 AMSeason 4 on PTRs
The layout of the post has been changed slightly and most of the errors are now fixed. You can check the full list of season 4 items  if you didn't do it yesterday. 


 


Children's Week
Children's Week started, don't miss the chance to get your , [item=32617], or [item=32622] !
Children's Week is celebrated once a year in Orgrimmar, Stormwind, and Shattrath City. The week-long celebration is a time to give back to the innocents of war: the orphans! Learn more about this special in-game event and its new rewards on our updated Children's Week information page.

 


 


Blue posts
Nothing really interesting lately, but it's better than nothing. 
Sunwell Armor Sets aren't really a proper "tier" upgrade
If you remember Ahn'Qiraj you'll remember the sets there shared the same art style for each armor type, with color shifts for each class, which is the same as it is for these items. Like the Sunwell items the Ahn'Qiraj items weren't a proper "tier" upgrade, then called 2.5, the Sunwell items could probably be called 6.5 if you want. Source 

Epic flying mount price changes in WotLK
Depending on how mount riding skills are going to progress, the most likely point for a price drop would be with the release of the next expansion, just as the ground mount prices dropped when Burning Crusade was released. Again it would likely depend on a few factors, and may actually not change. But that's a question for a later time. Source 

Stormwind Instance / Player Housing
It's not necessarily "not" going to happen, we just have no announced plans to implement player housing. It's still there because, eh, who knows. Source 

[Bug] Shamans not immune to sap on PTRs
Ghostwolf should be susceptible to Sap or Scare Beast not to both, I'll have it checked out. Source 


Blizzard acquires Diablo3.com
Diablo3.com has been officialy acquired by Blizzard, it definitely looks like they've got something in mind ... The World Wide Invitational this summer sounds promising. Below is the post from the original owner of the domain.

[i] Well, there's no point in beating around the bush any longer, so let's get right down to it. A few months ago we were contacted by Blizzard in regards to the Diablo3.com domain name. While they appreciate all the work that's been put into running this big Diablo fan community over the years, they still want the domain name. Hmm, I wonder why? Now before you get all up in arms about it, allow me to explain a few things.

First off, this fan site isn't going anywhere, it's just getting a new name: Diablofans.com! Blizzard is actually being really cool about it, giving us all the time we need to make it a smooth transition before we hand the old domain over to them. So be sure to update all of your bookmarks and point 'em to diablofans.com instead. Your user accounts will all still be perfectly functional and, along with this new site name, we'll soon have a big site redesign up and running as well. A new name, a new look. Huzzah!

Secondly, while Blizzard is indeed acquiring the diablo3.com domain name, they told me that this shouldn't be considered an announcement for the Diablo 3 game we've been waiting for all these years. They acquire new domains all the time. While this is true, I personally can't help but think that this is a confirmation of sorts that they're working on the next Diablo game. Sure, they can claim it's because they want to protect their intellectual properties 'n what have you, but I can't imagine they would all of a sudden be so interested in the diablo3.com domain if they weren't working on a new Diablo 3 game behind the scenes.

On a final note, I want to thank all of you guys who've made this community so strong over the years. It's only going to get better around here and I hope you'll all stick with us. One of the nice things about this whole name-change ordeal is that Blizzard really appreciates the fact that we're a dedicated fan site and we'll be working with them much more closely in the future to bring you the latest Diablo game news.

Update - Some gaming news sites are reporting that Blizzard "purchased" the diablo3.com domain from me. This is not the case. As I stated in the above post, if it was my intention to make a profit off of the domain, I could've sold it years ago, but I didn't. When Blizzard spoke to me about their interest in the domain, I was happy to give it to them since they had no problems with us moving the site to diablofans.com and will now be working more closely with us in the future. So yeah, I just wanted to clear that up... there is no monetary exchange taking place, I'm simply giving Blizzard the diablo3 domain.

Diablofans.com 


4 New Fan Arts

   
   