Boubouille2008-06-12, 08:39 AMPricing of flying epic mounts
Drysc wrote a bunch of posts to comment the "high" price of flying epic mounts in this topic  
No the price wasn't justified by some arbitrary means of satisfaction. You look at how much someone makes leveling up, you take estimated costs and selling prices of various materials. Money gained from dungeons, etc. All these things can be averaged, and then you place a point in time where you think it would be appropriate for someone that's accumulating money to be able to afford this one thing. 5000g seemed like a good price point. Someone would have to either be really dedicated to playing a lot, or want to reach that goal and what would be a reasonable amount of time to reach it?

Time is the factor in pricing, not relative "worth". That would just be silly.


Nihilum speaks on trip to MLG Tournament

  announced before , Nihilum  will be sending its PvP Team to the MLG event held this week end in San Diego. GotFrag sat down with Nihilum's Hunter Johnny "Cherez" Martin about his team's chances and the pressure of playing under the shadow of a top PVE guild.

 David “Beasteh ” Mountford – Restoration Druid 13/11/37
 Jonny “Cherez ” Martin – Marksmanship Hunter 9/41/11
 Ryan “Hydra ” van Buiten – Discipline Priest 43/18/0



How does it feel to play under the shadow of such a famous PVE guild as Nihilum?
It's a lot of extra pressure. People expect great things from us, being under the name Nihilum, we're just hoping we can meet those expectations. Or as Ryan “Hydra” would put it, “PVE IS HARD”. In all seriousness though, we have met some awesome guys since being picked up by Nihilum. Love you morris xx

Who do you see as the top teams in America that you’ll be looking at heading into the tournament?
Pandemic, fnatic, SK etc. We're looking forward to the chance to compete against all the big names that have been to previous live events. With Pandemic topping a lot of previous competitions it will be fun to see if they play at the level we are expecting them to.

The full interview is available on Gotfrag.com  Don't forget to tune in to Gotfrag TV  this week end for the event ! Check the full schedule here 


Blue posts
PvE Tokens for PvP Gear at the beginning of Season 4
We have no plans to change the token/pvp gear exchange. Source 

Season 4 Delays Starts on June 24 
It's a design decision based on when we feel there's an appropriate amount of people snagging items from the highest end PvE encounters. How was it a lie? Eh, I should state there's probably other factors involved too, but PvE progression is really the main point. Source 
Yeah there’s a direct link between PvE and PvP progression; we want players gearing up on the highest raid instance before we open new seasons. Source 



What's the point of the resurrection timer ?
To control the respawn of players that are fighting near a graveyard. It helps to put some importance on your life instead of just insta-rezzing every time and running in to battle to die again with little consequence or thought. Also, now with diminishing returns no longer affecting honor gains it helps reduce farmability. Source 

Gnome Racial Ability: Escape Artist
Escape artist works against movement impairing effects such as snares or roots, not stuns/fears/incapacitates or other forms of CC. This includes, but is not limited to, abilities such as hamstring, entangling roots, frost nova, crippling poison, etc.

It should be noted that escape artist is subject to talented dispel resistant abilities such as entangling roots. If, for example, the druid in question who rooted you has those talents, it is possible that the use of escape artist will not remove the desired debuff. Source 


New Fan Arts
4 New fan arts have been added to the official sites.


   
   