Boubouille2007-08-11, 12:56 AMUpdate : You can now check the stats of the Ragesteel Shoulders 

More changes to the 2.2 version, add this to the fact that the voice chat went live, maybe we can finally expect a release.

Professions
Jewelcrafting
A new recipe for Steady Talasite is now available from the Halaa vendors, at the cost of research tokens. This superior green gem grants resilience and stamina.



Blacksmithing
Added a new recipe for Ragesteel Shoulders that drops from an unknown creature in Shadowmoon Valley.
Reduced the number of pieces required to get the benefits of the Ragesteel set bonus. 



Engineering
Reduced the cooldown on the engineer-made Parachute Cloak.



Quests
Banish the Demons now rewards either a Darkrune or a Fragmented Darkrune. Five fragmented Darkrunes can be combined to create a Darkrune.
In the Bomb Them Again quest, the cooldown of the Skyguard bombs was decreased to 5 seconds was 10.
In the Relic's Emanation quest, the money reward was decreased while the Ogri'la faction reward was increased.



Dungeons and Raids
Tempest Keep and Coilfang raid bosses will now all drop at least 3 items each.

Auchindoun - Heroic Sethekk Halls
Polymorph should no longer affect the main tank.
Auchindoun-Shadow Labyrinth
The recast time for the Shadow Word: Pain cast by Cabal Shadow Priests has been increased.



Black Temple
Saber Lash tanks will no longer be knocked back by Sinister Beam or hit by Fatal Attraction, even if they dodge or parry the attack.
Mother Shahraz will now pick a new beam to cast after every 3rd beam instead of after every 5th. This means she is much less likely to cast the same beam many times in a row.
Fatal Attraction now deals 750 damage on the first tick, 1500 on the second, 2250 on the third, and 3000 on all subsequent ticks.
Prismatic Shield is now more fun. Specifically, Mother Shahraz now takes bonus damage from one school when she is resistant to its opposite. Her resistances now change randomly every 15 seconds and are capped at 25%.



Caverns of Time- Battle of Mount Hyjal
The health of Jaina and Thrall have been increased again from their temporarily lowered values. They should be able to absorb quite a bit more incidental damage during the event.
Archimonde has received several adjustments and fixes to prevent some of the harder to counter combinations of his abilities. Archimonde's Soul Charge silence has been lowered in duration to 4 seconds, and the death of the Priest with Spirit of Redemption will no longer create two Soul Charges. The casting time of Archimonde's fear has been increased to 1.5 seconds, and he should now use his Fear ability on a much more consistent interval. Archimonde will also no longer cast Grip of the Legion on very far away targets.
Archimonde will no longer cast Grip of the Legion on targets that have just been hit with Air Burst.



Caverns of Time- Black Morass
Increased recast time on Shadow Bolt Volley on Rift Keeper, also reduced damage on Heroic.
Reduced hit points of Infinite Executioners on Heroic.
Decreases the maximum possible stacks of Temporus' Mortal Wound from 10 to 7.
Increased recast time for Temporus' Hasten spell on Heroic.



Caverns of Time- Escape from Durnholde Keep
The composition of the pulls around the barracks in Durnholde Keep is now more consistent. Players should no longer face more than two Riflemen, or more than one Warden.
The group of guards underneath the bridge has been removed in Heroic difficulty.
The Thrall escort event now allows 20 tries at completing the event instead of 3.



Coilfang Reservoir: Serpentshrine Cavern
Coilfang Priestesses no longer perform Spirit of Redemption.
Underbog Colossus' Acid Spray is now somewhat less dangerous.
Underbog Colossus' Spore Quake now has a shorter duration.
Greyheart Tidecallers' Virulent poison is now less deadly.
Serpentshrine Sporebats now charge less frequently.
Greyheart Nether-Mages now blink less frequently.
Serpentshrine Lurkers have had their damage output reduced.



Hellfire Citadel: Shattered Halls
The melee damage dealt by Shattered Hand Reavers, Shattered Hand Legionnaires, Shattered Hand Heathens, and Rabid Warhounds has been reduced.



[url=] Source