Boubouille2008-01-15, 07:11 AMZul'aman - Timed chest rewards
3 drops have been re-added to the Zul'aman loot table, I already posted the two cloaks during the PTR days but as far as I know the legs are new, I guess it's worth a news. According to the first reports all these items drop from the 1st/2nd chest of the Zul'aman timed event. 


     


Tanks and repair costs
I didn't see a lot of blue post about this in the past, Tharfor tries to explain the mechanics behind the repair/reagent costs for each class, and why it's not gonna change.
While there is some flavour aspect plate takes more effort/materials/time to repair than cloth, for example associated with the difference in repair costs for each armor type, the primary reason for the difference relates to overall class upkeep.

Each class has an upkeep cost, which includes things like purchasing reagents, food & water, etc…

While a cloth wearer may spend less in repairs than a plate wearer, he’ll likely spend more money on things like reagents.

Note that it’s not important for all classes to have completely equal upkeep costs. The goal is simply for each class to be fun and burden free.


Hunters - Grimtotem Spirit Guide not tameable anymore
A few weeks ago Blizzard said that even if it wasn't intended in the first place, there wasn't any reason to remove the ability to tame Grimtotem Spirit Guides  for hunters. Guess what ? They changed their mind, it's been hotfixed and they're not tameable anymore, however you'll be able to keep yours if you already tamed one. 
Through a hotfix we’ve recently removed the ability to tame a Grimtotem Spirit Guide. Players who have already gone through the trouble of taming the creature will be able to keep them unchanged. This hotfix only removes the possibility to tame this creature from here on.

The removal of the spirit guide has been debated within design discussions for a while now as to what impact the pet and its precedent has on the game.
The unintended nature of the taming, the undead status of the guide, appearance of the wolf in relation to the feel of the hunter class, and the complex processes of taming were all issues touched upon and discussed.

Ultimately the discussions brought us to the conclusion that this should not be a permanent addition to the pet selection available to hunters; however, those that have already tamed them should be allowed to keep them due to their efforts in obtaining one.


Comics
We don't have any details on the 2.4 yet, but the class-balancing team  is working on it. 


 