Boubouille2007-04-25, 09:37 PMI'll try to make it available as fast as possible, will take time to tidy everything later.

All the other 2.1.0 informations are available here 

Latest Update
Added a new weapon dropped from Al'ar by in this post  Can't put a news online yet. Nihilum  dropped it.


   


Changes Source 
Hunters / Warlocks
When pets are summoned they no longer have their Health and Mana taken to full. 



Paladins
Illumination now returns 60% of base mana cost, up from 50%.
1h weapon spec is now working, and is causing 5% more damage to spells like consecrate and holy shield while a 1 handed weapon is equipped.



Rogues
Tier 4 Rogue [b] Shoulders  bonuses were changed from 10 Dodge rating to 10 Hit rating.



PTR Only
Alliance epic flying mount animation has been fixed. 
New NPC in the center of Shat, "Jimmy Mcweaksauce" will flag and teleport you to the caverns of time for Mount Hyjal.



Items
Almost every set bonus was reworked to stack properly with other set bonuses Thanks to Vulture from Ropetown  for this one
The meta gems bought with Spirit Shards now function properly.
Primal Nethers are down to 10 badges from 12.
New Epic Helms are down from 60 badges to 50. 
Skyguard rations changed : 30 Stamina / 20 Spirit > 20 Stamina / 20 Spirit
Skyguard/Skywitch drapes now both requires revered faction.




[b] Hyjal

Hyjal post on Elitistjerks.com 
When you zone into the raid instance you start out, as Alliance, at a small alliance base with lady Jaine Proudmoore and lots of 70 elites, including horsemen, dwarf riflemen, NE priests, bloodelf Sorceress' ?.

The starting area is standard alliance structures, few towers and buildings, think Theramore. You start the encounter and rush out to fight Undead - a few 70 elite abominations naxx are the first encounter.

Screenshots
Nordrassil, the World Tree 
Thrall + Horde Encampment 
Tyrande Whisperwind 
The Nightelves Army 
Alliance Base 
Alliance Knight 
Indormi Scale of Sands vendor 
Lady Jaina Proudmoore 
First event #1 
First event #2 
First event #3 
First event #4 
First event #5 
Wipe ! 



New recipes


Serpent-Coil Braid


Changes on Silence Items












