Boubouille2007-09-19, 05:58 AMSeason 3 Rating requirements
Drysc finally gave more details about the rating requirements on arena gear in season 3, he also confirmed that players will also be able to buy season 1 weapons. As a reminder, you will be able to buy season 1 gear with honor
You will only need a specific rating to purchase the items, it won't be required for their use. If you hit 1900 for instance, this isn't a final number by any means you'll be able to purchase and use the items, and if you dip below that you won't be able to buy them, but you'll be able to continue using those you've already purchased. 

We're also well aware that this could potentially encourage players to join higher rated teams for a chance to obtain the items, and at later time we'll be discussing the solution coming that will prohibit it.

We've stated on numerous occasions that Season 1 items will be available from honor vendors, and this does include weapons. 

Points reset at the beginning of the season 3
Also, we got the confirmation that they don't plan to reset arena and honor points when the season 3 go live.
We currently have no plans to reset honor or arena points whenever season 3 begins. We didn't reset honor or arena points between seasons 1 and 2 and it worked just fine for everybody, so we plan to continue this when season 3 comes around. At this time we also have no plans to reset honor or arena points in any future patch.

Season 3 release date
And before you ask when the season 3 will go live :
We don't have an ETA for this as of yet. We do plan to give at least two weeks of advance notice to everyone so that they can be prepared for it.

Changes to Interface in 2.3
There are two new changes to the interface in 2.3 not 2.2

QueryAuctionItems
New argument bool, setting it to true will retrieve all auction house data not just 50 items. This can only be used once every 15 minutes. This is intended to reduce our load from add-ons such as auctioneer that are going to download the entire auction house anyways. 

Multi-attachments
When composing mail, there are now “slots”, that you can drag items into 1 is the first slot, 2 is the second slot, etc. Once the mail arrives, you use an “index” to refer to each attachment.

According to this post http://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/thread.html?topicId=879058320&sid=1&pageNo=4#78 the maximum number of slots for mail attachments will be 12

Titles for killing bosses
Short answer : nop.
C'thun Eye Vanquisher? We do plan to add more titles in the game in the future but not necessarily for just defeating end game bosses. We plan to keep them somewhat rare like they have been so far.

Ulduar
Salthem updated the "Information on Northrend" post with a few information about Ulduar http://www.wowwiki.com/Ulduar
The Iron Dwarfs are involved in the instance Ulduar, which is accessible to both Alliance and Horde, so yes, you should be able to get involved in their story too. I have added this information to the Opening Post.

Death Knights are nice guys
They're not that evil, they just want to help you.
This was discussed at the Lore & Quest panel at BlizzCon a little while back. The idea is that a character goes to become a Death Knight, is trained as a Death Knight, but then realizes they doen't want to go through with the evil acts they are instructed to perform. So the character finds a new Alliance or Horde home who accept them as a necessary evil like warlocks to help them fight their enemies.

New sound engine in 2.2
In the upcoming content patch 2.2, the in-game sound engine is being changed to a new, exclusively software-based system. This change is being made to allow for a much greater range of compatibility and should result in improved sound performance for many users. The new sound engine provides all of the same features that have always been available in the game, but now extends those features, such as reverb effects, to players who previously couldn’t take advantage of them. This change also allows us greater control and ease in supporting and developing for the wide range of sound hardware, as well as future upgrades and improvements to the in-game sound effects and options.

While the switch to the new unified sound engine should be seamless for most users, we ask that any players experiencing issues with their sound after the release of the patch please contact technical support after following basic troubleshooting steps at this link : http://www.blizzard.com/support/wow/?id=aww01706p http://www.blizzard.com/support/wow/?id=aww01706p

No more voice chat on PTR
I don't really see why they're doing this, but they've probably got very good reasons. And maybe that's related to an upgrade of FMOD, the new sound engine, released a few days ago
At approximately 7:00 PM PDT we will temporarily be disabling Voice Chat on the Public Test Realms. After this is done we will be restarting the PTRs and they will be accessible again shortly thereafter. We will reactive Voice Chat later in the week as we continue testing this exciting new feature.

[b] New video : Lament of the Highborne [b]
Blizzard released their own version of Lament of the Highborne http://www.worldofwarcraft.com/downloads/movies.html#lament on the official site. The video itself isn't really awesome, but you'll get a chance to see Arthas and Frostmourne in it. If you can't use the Blizzard Downloader I also mirrored the video on Rapidshare http://rapidshare.com/files/56702419/LamentoftheHighborne.avi.


http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/siteImages/images/news/2007/september/arthasloth.jpg http://www.worldofwarcraft.com/downloads/movies.html#lament