Boubouille2007-10-09, 04:55 AM2.3 on PTR Soon ?
I've been doing news like this for the past two weeks but Drysc seems sure that we won't have to wait much longer to get the remaining 2.3 information. 
We purposefully avoided major features which will likely have larger information releases, such as Zul'Aman and Guild Banks. You won't have to wait much longer though.

2.2.3 Testing complete
Hurray, no 2.2.4 scheduled. for the moment
PTR testing on 2.2.3 is complete. PTR will come back up when the next patch has passed internal testing and is available for public beta testing. Since we do not offer specific date targets for patches or beta tests of patches, we cannot say when that might be.

At present there is no 2.2.4 planned. A 2.2.4 could come into existence based on feedback from 2.2.3 players, but at present one is not planned and 2.3.0 is next up. Still not saying when.

Heart of the Wild changes for feral druids
Enjoy your boost druids.
This is indeed true... Heart of the Wild in cat form will be changed from 20% STR to 10% AP.

In addition there will be changes to Items that granted bonus attack power in Cat, Bear, Dire Bear, and Moonkin forms. These items have been re-evaluated and in almost all cases, the attack power on the item has been increased. This change corrects an issue where feral weapon damage was not keeping up with other classes in its rate of increase.

Broom mounts aren't one-use only !
They've got a 14 days duration ! And Drysc is right, the Headless Horsemen drops Phat purples http://www.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2007/september/headlessloot.jpg. 
We do have the broom mounts for Hallow's End this year. Some people got to see them on the PTRs, they're pretty wicked. The tooltip on them is wrong however, they are not one use only, they do have a 14 day duration though.

I highly recommend checking out the additions when it begins in your nearest "starter" town, the Headless Horseman attacks and ultimate battle with him in Scarlet Monastery graveyard are a lot of fun, easily puggable at 70, and he drops phat purples.

Disarm and diminishing returns in 2.3
Some people won't be happy about this, but Disarm suffers diminishing returns in PvP in 2.3.Don't forget that all the disarm immunity effects are changed to 50% disarm duration reduction non stacking
We're also making sure that Disarm will suffer diminishing returns in PvP now. I'm sure some warriors will think that's a good thing and some a bad thing.

Cenarion Expedition flying mount
It will be a 280% speed mount that costs 2000 gold, it will requires the 5000 gold riding skill, and they don't plan to lower the price of the said skill except if they add a new riding skill tier. and it won't be the case in Wrath of the Lich King
We are planning to make it a 280% speed mount, so it will require 300 riding skill just like the other epic flying mounts.

And yes, we have no current plans to lower the cost of 5000 gold to get 300 riding skill before the expansion though this may be revaluated at some point in the future like when a new riding skill tier is implemented.

Pre-BC Dungeons level changes
Bornakk posted a few details about the order you'll run the dungeons to level your characters in pre-BC dungeons.
If Shadowfang Keep was the only instance that was having the level range adjusted, I could understand this, but with pretty much all of the leveling dungeons in Eastern Kingdoms and Kalimdor having this happen, it works out.

With the changes in patch 2.3, players won’t have to put off Razorfen Kraul, Blackfathom Deep, The Stockade, or Gnomeregan for later levels as they will be able to go through them throughout their 20s and roll into their 30's where Scarlet Monastery, Razorfen Downs, and Uldaman await to take people into the 40's and so on.

Don't forget all the hard work from the Steamwheedle Cartel in Dustwallow Marsh which will give a big boost for the level 30 range too!

Blackrock Depths is getting improved as well. I recommend checking it out the PTRs when they are available for patch 2.3.

Dustwallow in 2.3
Clarifications about the changes to Dustwallow and the addition of Mudsprocket.
The update on Dustwallow is the main zone being changed but it affects both the Alliance and the Horde. All these extra quests should make it easier to not have to do high level 30/low level 40 quests too soon, so instead you can stack these up and use them to catapult you into your 30s. Dustwallow should allow you to save up some quests and get you through this area, this way you can be a little higher level before starting the level 40 specific quests, so it will help a bit. But it’s also possible you are missing some areas, with the Badlands, STV, Tanaris, Searing Gorge, Swamp of Sorrows, Feralas and The Hinterlands I’ve never had an issue getting through the 40s on any of my characters.

Engineering flying mount
It will be surprisingly safe, and shouldn't explode in fight.
Well, these particular designs are being focused on safety. I'm pretty sure at least a few Engineers don't want their mount to randomly explode and leave them falling out of the sky and perishing at possibly unreachable locations and we agree with this.

By meeting the new standard safety regulations that are required in building a personal mount like this, you won't have to worry about these types of issues - but if you want to fall out of the sky, you are welcome to dismount whenever you want I guess, just make sure you have the parachute cloak ready!

Girls can be evil too
Yup, you'll be able to create female Death Knights.
We have no plans to make limitations based on gender. Female Death Knights will be fighting, casting, and raising the dead just as well as male ones.

Other websites have news too
If you're interested in macros, or couldn't read ane news site in the last two months, you could be interested in :
The new macro guide on the official site http://www.worldofwarcraft.com/info/basics/macroguide-one.html. If you want to know more, you can also check the very long article on WoWWiki.com http://www.wowwiki.com/HOWTO:_Make_a_Macro
There is a WotLK Interview on Eurogamer http://www.eurogamer.net/article.php?article_id=84878&page=1 that you might want to read, but it's only a short translation of the interview made by their french site during the GC in August.