Boubouille2007-12-14, 05:47 AMPTR Update - New Build
The PTRs have been updated with a new build. Rogues and Druids buffs to ambush/ravage are finally official, a few more things are changed for rogues, and we're getting an arena item back ! 

The Full list of 2.3.2 changes is now up to date. 

Announcement
The PTR is still down, and will not be up this evening. Please check back here tomorrow Dec 14th for a status update. Source 

General
Boat and zeppelin vendors and NPCs are are back on duty.
Reduced network latency by disabling the Nagle algorithm.



PvP
Warmasters/marshals in Alterac Valley now increase each other’s maximum health and damage by 20%. This is a stacking effect.



 Druid
Ravage: The damage multiplier on this ability has been increased from 350% to 385%.



 Rogue
Ambush: The damage multiplier on this ability has been increased from 250% to 275%.
Hemorrhage: This ability now correctly does additional damage when its debuff has already been applied.
Preparation now resets the cooldown of Shadowstep and no longer resets the cooldown of Adrenaline Rush.
Shadowstep now adds a 3 second, 70% movement speed increase.
Sinister Calling now also increases the percentage damage bonus of Hemorrhage and Backstab by 2/4/6/8/10%.



Items
The [item=34033] is now available on vendors. Screenshot 



Undocumented Changes
The [item=10720] duration has been increased from 10 sec to 20 sec.



For more details see the Full 2.3.2 patch notes  Updated with these changes


Blue posts
Patch 2.5
Won't exist. For the moment Blizzard is focused on patch 2.4 and nothing beyond that is currently planned. Source 

PvP Additions before WotLK
There is a new battleground and a new PvP zone planned for the expansion, and Blizzard doesn't anticipate adding anything new prior to that. Source 

Connection problems on EU Realms
We are aware of some connectivity issues currently affecting the following realms: Earthen Ring, Ravencrest, Runetotem, Shadowmoon, Shadowsong, Shattered Hand, Silvermoon, Skullcrusher, Spinebreaker, Stormrage, Stormreaver, Stormscale, Terenas, Thunderhorn, Turalyon. Rest assured that we are working towards a resolution for this matter. We thank you for your patience and understanding during this time. Source 

Karazhan rings
You can have your original ring restored by the NPC if you destroy the one you currently have, and then you can exchange that ring for any of the others. Source 