Boubouille2007-11-15, 07:41 AMMight update this news in an hour or two because I forgot to add something. :/

Reminder: Season 3 Delayed
Reposting this because this is probably the major post-2.3 news. The season 3 is delayed to November 27th. This also include new Vindicator honor items, season 1 items buyable with honor points, and of course the season 3 items themselves.

Everyone is preparing for the start of the third arena season and we’re excited to get new items, rewards, and fresh competition going for everyone participating in the arenas.

As we approach the previously announced start date we’ve had growing concerns of what the new season requires of us to actually launch, and its proximity to the Thanksgiving holiday. Everyone wants the launch go as smoothly as possible, and in order to have resources available to tend to any issues as soon as they may spring up, we’ve decided to delay the Season 3 start date to November 27. One week after the previously announced date.

This allows us to have the quickest response time to any issues should they occur, and allows everyone to enjoy the holiday and the days leading up to it. While making everyone wait another week obviously isn’t the optimal outcome, in the end we decided it would be much worse to start Season 3 so close to the holiday and potentially make players wait longer until a problem can be resolved. Ultimately it allows us to provide the best possible service for everyone as we launch the new season.

Zul'aman Boss strategies / website
The Zul'aman Boss Strategies post has been updated. Thanks to all the contributors.

We nearly didn't crash the site during the patch day, which is pretty good, a few people experienced slow updates and errors on the arena rating calculator but this should be fixed now. You might experience a few login/logouts issues and it will be fixed soon®, at least you can whine on 
#mmo-champion on irc.quakenet.org irc://irc.quakenet.org/mmo-champion now.


New 2.3 items
I already mentionned the [item=34011] yesterday, but it seems that two more items have been added between the PTR and the Live version. The epic one is a world drop thanks to Surma from Dark Days on US-Maelstrom and the fish ... well, is fished. 


 

   

2.3 Undocumented Changes
A few things interestings weren't mentionned in the patch notes, I guess the most interesting change is the removal of the Nexus transmutation cooldown and the Primal/Motes placeable in some crafting bags if you farm them a lot.

If you feel that something is missing, post in comments, a few things have been kept out of the list on purpose because they're obvious bugs that will be fixed in future versions.

General
Human and Orcs racial gives expertise rating instead of critical strike.
You can't have two titles at the same time anymore. Champion of the Naaru / PvP Title
Interactive items like quest items now have a glow around them making them easier to find.



Hunters
Firing range changed to 5-35 yards without talents, deadzone removed.
It is not possible to FD + Drink anymore during many raid encounters.



Mage
Ice Block doesn't stop your character from falling, however it will absorb any fall damage if it's still active when you hit the ground.



Priests
Shadow Priests can use costumes Savory Deviate Delights for example while in Shadow Form.



Warlock
Soulstone animation now appears on the target of the stone instead of the warlock.
Siphon of Life animation has been changed on target.



Professions
The cooldown to transmute Nexus into Small Prismatic Shards has been removed. 
Primal Fire/Earth can be placed in Mining Bags.
Primal Water/Mana/Life can be placed in enchanting bags.
All Primal can go into Engineering toolboxes.
Mercurial Stone can now be put into Gem Bags.



Items
The Twin Blades of Azzinoth have a hidden cooldown of 45 secs.
All Netherdrake mounts will now leave a trail of energy behind them while traveling.
Boats and Zeppelins that carry players are now populated with NPC crews, some of which are vendors. The boats also now rock side-to-side while moving.
The boat between Teldrassil and Darkshore, and the one between the Forgotten Coast and Feathermoon Stronghold now use the night elf ship model, rather than the human ship model. 



Quests
You can now wrangle aether rays @ 39% life.



Sound
Night elf and Dwarven inns have new music added.
Karazhan has 14 new soundtracks for different parts of the dungeon.
New music have been added to the Temple of the Moon in Darnassus.
The option for "Sound at Character" has been removed from the interface. All sound is now at the character by default. If you really want to disable it you can add "SET Sound_ListenerAtCharacter "0"" to your WTF/Config.wtf file.



Zul'aman Trailer
A new trailer has been added to the official site  We know why Zul'jin is missing an arm now. This also confirms that elves aren't nice, but we all knew that

A Rapidshare Mirror  is also available.


 

Rapidshare Mirror 