Boubouille2008-01-31, 07:00 AMInterface options revamp in 2.4
If I understand this post correctly, it looks like addons authors will be able to add their own options submenu to the Interface options in 2.4.
Interface Options Revamp

Along with Patch 2.4 we will be releasing a revamped in-game Interface Options screen. Most of the systems that interact with the current Interface Options screen have seen some code changes as a result. The new architecture for the system should allow AddOn authors to modify its contents without the taint issues presented by the current Interface Options system.

Additionally, this new system will contain an area for AddOn authors to present their own configuration options to players with a custom heading, subcategories, and frames. I'd like to encourage authors interested in utilizing these features to try the new system on the PTRs before Patch 2.4 is released. Basic details on how to use this system can be found in code comments in Blizzard_InterfaceUI.lua.

Please be aware that AddOns that interact with the Interface Options screen, modify it, or change the way that its options affect other systems within the game will need to be updated with the release of Patch 2.4.


Season 4 / 2.4 Patch - No ETA
Well, we expected something for this week according to a post from Nethaera a few days ago but it's really starting to look like that we'll have to wait a little more. Let's try to stay positive and assume they're just building the suspense.
We have made no announcement regarding season 4.

There is more going into patch 2.4 than just the 25 person dungeon and I hope you get a chance to check it all out whenever it is available for testing.

We know it's been a long time and we can't wait to discuss the new patch, but it isn't quite time yet, when time comes we will be happy to share it with all of you. 


European realms - Free character migration
Another week, another batch of free migrations for european realms.
Due to population differences between some of the highest and lowest populated PvP realms, the following Free Character Migration will be available January 30th to February 5th:

From: Crushridge, Grim Batol, Outland, Stormscale
To: Burning Steppes, Jaedenar, Vek'nilash

Please note that the migration may be closed at any time should a destination realm's population rise too high.

FAQ:  


Official site - 4 new Fan Arts
A new fan art has been added to the EU site  and three on the US one  


       