Boubouille2008-03-19, 11:08 AMPatch 2.4 and Sunwell Plateau official Webpage : Fury of the Sunwell
The official site has been updated with a page dedicated to Patch 2.4 : Fury of the Sunwell  here you will find a small writeup about the major features of the patch and a much bigger one about the Sunwell Plateau lore. There is also a new trailer for the Sunwell Plateau instance and a new wallpaper featuring Kael'thas and Kil'jaeden.
Sunwell Plateau 
Sunwell Isle 
New Daily Quests 
Global Arena Tournament 
UI Improvements 



Sunwell Plateau Lore
For millennia the mystical pool of energy known as the Sunwell fueled the potent magic of the exiled high elves. The Sunwell's inexhaustible power permeated the elves and infused them with a constant supply of arcane energy. For generations the high elves protected and cherished the well, benefiting from its powers even when outside the borders of their homeland, Quel'Thalas. Although the elves sustained heavy losses in the Troll Wars and the Second War against the Horde, the Sunwell remained secure... until the coming of the Scourge. Without warning the death knight Arthas, a mighty servant of the Lich King, led his undead armies in a merciless attack upon the elven kingdom.

Undeterred by the desperate struggles of the elven defenders, the Scourge marched on toward the Sunwell, slaughtering any who attempted to bar their path. The legendary king Anasterian Sunstrider faced off against Arthas in an attempt to slow the undead advance, but even his unyielding will and extraordinary powers proved insufficient against the merciless death knight. With the elven capital lying in ruin, Arthas marched triumphantly to the Sunwell and tossed the bones of the fallen necromancer Kel'Thuzad into the radiant beam of light. With this act the sacred well was instantly corrupted. Knowing he had sealed the fate of the high elves, Arthas departed with the newly resurrected Kel'Thuzad to carry on in service of the Lich King. Many of the Scourge, however, remained behind to prey upon the few elves who had not yet fallen.

The ranger Lor'themar Theron organized the remaining survivors to fight the undead, but it was the return of Prince Kael'thas that brought the elves a fragment of renewed hope. Tragically Kael'thas soon learned that the greatest danger to his people was posed not by the Scourge, but by the Sunwell itself. The corrupted powers of the well still permeated not only the elves, but all that they had built. Given enough time, the vile necromantic energies would kill the elves and spread an incurable poison throughout the surrounding land. Kael'thas painfully concluded that the Sunwell, the heart of their society, must be destroyed.

And so he executed a plan that would irrevocably change the fate of his people. With the aid of the most powerful remaining magi, accompanied by Lor'themar and a party of volunteer defenders, Kael'thas succeeded in destroying the mystical Sunwell. Or so he thought. The Sunwell's energies had been dispersed, and yet not all of its essence was lost. A mysterious individual named Borel gathered what remained of the energies and hid them away in the guise of a mortal girl, Anveena. In the aftermath of the Sunwell's destruction, Kael'thas declared that his people would be forever known as the sin'dorei, or blood elves, so they would never forget those who had fallen in defense of their homeland.

Although the Sunwell's threat was ended, Kael'thas could not have foreseen the effect its loss would have on his people. The elves suffered terribly from withdrawal, for many of them had been infused with the arcane energies of the well all their lives. Only in the absence of the Sunwell did the blood elves come to realize how addicted they had grown to its powers. Over time the elves grew ill, and the youngest and oldest among them died. Determined to find a cure for his people's crippling addiction, Prince Kael'thas sought a renewed source of arcane power, and he soon fell into the service of the demon Illidan Stormrage. With Illidan's aid, the blood elves found a temporary reprieve, learning to siphon the magical energies of others to ease their own suffering. As Kael'thas joined the fight against Illidan's many enemies, the prince came to rely more and more on fel energy: the dark and corrupting essence wielded by the demonic Burning Legion itself.

Now, bristling with newfound power, Kael'thas has turned his back on his former master, Illidan, and has finally returned to Quel'Thalas, promising final deliverance to his people. To this end he has harnessed the mortal possessor of the Sunwell's energies, Anveena. Yet many believe that the prince's exposure to fel energies has made him unstable, and that he has sought out a new master, a demon lord of the Burning Legion so terrible that even the mighty Illidan would tremble in fear at the sound of his name: Kil'jaeden. 

Trailer
Stream 
High resolution version from the Blizzard Downloader 




 

Wallpaper

 
1024x768 
1152x864 
1280x960 
1600x1200 
1280x800 Wide 
1680x1050 Wide 
1920x1200 wide 


Arena Tier 0.5 sets update
I didn't talk much about these sets during the last few weeks but they got changed at some point, they are "beginner" PvP sets buyable from reputation quartermasters if you reached a targeted reputation level with them. That's why this news is here, at the beginning of 2.4 testing a few of these items required you to be revered but all of them got changed to ... honored ! This isn't really new but I never took the time to talk about this change. See the new screenshots below.


Druid
Dragonhide Battlegear 
Kodohide Battlegear 
Wyrmhide Battlegear 

Mage
Evoker's Silk Battlegear 

Hunter
Stalker's Chain Battlegear 

Rogue
Opportunist's Battlegear 

Paladin
Crusader's Ornamented Battlegear 
Crusader's Scaled Battlegear 
Mooncloth Battlegear 
Satin Battlegear 

Rogue
Opportunist's Battlegear 

Shaman
Seer's Linked Battlegear 
Seer's Mail Battlegear 
Seer's Ringmail Battlegear 

Warlock
Dreadweave Battlegear 

Warrior
Savage Plate Battlegear 


TTRs : Unable to validate game version
Blizzard is aware of the bug preventing a lot of players from connecting to the Tournament Test Realms, it will be fixed as soon as possible.
We are aware of the issues with game validation. It will be addressed. Until then please refrain from spamming this forum.