Boubouille2008-01-08, 06:28 AM<a name="0108"></a>We've got a bunch of news today, and possibly the deployment of 2.3.2 on live server again, nothing confirmed. It seems that we'll get the Blizzcast on thursday 10th and that's also when the PTRs will be back online, let the speculation begin !

If the 2.3.2 patch is deployed today on US servers, I'll try to make sure you're the first to know. ^^

2.3.2 Has come to an end
That's it, PTR testing is done and if Blizzard is fast enough we can expect the patch to be deployed on live servers today/tomorrow.
We are taking down the PTR realms early to do extended hardware maintenance today. They will not be returning. This will conclude the 2.3.2 PTR phase.

Thank you all for participating in the 2.3.2 PTR, we hope to see you all again in future phases.


Blizzcast to be released on Thursday, January 10th
This information isn't official but has been posted on Blizzplanet  : the Blizzard audio podcast is in localization stage and should be released on Thursday 10th January It may still get rescheduled depending on unforeseen circumstances. . Even if it's not an official source, the information was probably given to websites that are part of the Blizzard fansite program, it wouldn't be surprising because Blizzard never posts about release dates officialy, just in case something goes wrong. 

It will probably the first batch of fresh information about 2.4 patch and that's also when the PTRs are supposed to be back online, thursday could be very interesting. 


Official armory fixed
A lot of users have been experiencing some problems finding their character on the official armory lately, according to Eyonix the issue is now fixed. 
We're aware that in many cases players are currently unable to look up characters on the armory website. Early next week we will be performing a thorough maintenance of the armory database which should resolve this matter.

Update: The armory maintenance is now complete and the issue affecting character searching has been resolved. Please be aware that it may take some time for each character to update, so please try again if you still experience an error when searching for a given character. Thank you for your patience and understanding.


Other blue posts
Daily "Information on 2.4 is coming soon" post
"Tons of content that's sure to blow your mind, AND it's coming..."soon"!" Source 

Anub'arak
"While we have no new details to share, remember we have said "we’d definitely like to involve Anub’Arak as a primary character outside of raiding" - so we'll see what happens." Source  Anub'arak on WoWWiki 'arak

Player involvement in WotLK lore
"I dunno, maybe some others, but the general point I want to get across is that we want to involve players with story elements more than ever. I'm not sure who else if anybody will be involved, but hopefully the lore junkies like me will be satisfied." Source 

Skywing Escort
The quest will be fixed in the 2.3.2 patch and NPC shouldn't stop moving for no reason anymore. Source 

Gutripper
The bug with Gutripper  has been fixed in 2.3.2 to prevent him from being stuck in evade mode. Source 

Guild/Player Housing
"We don't know what the future holds though and so we don't want to rule it out entirely, we just have no current plans to implement a feature like this." Source 


Tigole interview with PC Zone
Remember the short writeup of the WotLK interview  I posted a few days ago ? Well the full version is now available on Computerandvideogames.com , as I said the first time there isn't really anything new but it's always a nice read, just read my original post if you only care about the interesting parts.