Boubouille2008-05-29, 05:48 AMReminder : MLG PC Circuit registrations are now open  ! 

Kil'jaeden Soul Flay Hotfix
Soul Flay now targets the player with the highest threat against Kil'jaeden, regardless of the distance between the player and Kil'jaeden.
We've just deployed a hotfix to all regions that changes the targeting behavior of Kil'jaeden's Soul Flay ability. The ability now has a much simpler rule to determine who will be targeted.

Soul Flay now targets the player with the highest threat against Kil'jaeden, regardless of the distance between the player and Kil'jaeden. The normal threat buffer that prevents a creature from changing targets to someone outside of melee range does not exist with Soul Flay. Soul Flay will still not target a player who is immune, however.

This change will likely change some of the strategies currently used by players against Kil'jaeden, but our intention is not to make the encounter any more or less difficult. This change should result in a more consistent, more understandable, and more enjoyable Kil'jaeden fight.



Security Alert - Adobe Flash Player
You should really, really update flash player  right now. 


 
A recent vulnerability has been discovered in popular web-content delivery program Adobe Flash, and it could potentially be used to target World of Warcraft players and accounts. The newest available version of Adobe Flash, version 9.0.124.0, does not contain this vulnerability, and we recommend that everyone upgrade their Flash player as soon as possible by visiting the Adobe.com download page at the link below.

 

In addition, to avoid exploitation of this vulnerability, we have temporarily disabled the ability to post hyperlinks in our forums. Any links will need to be copied and pasted into a browser. We’ll continue to evaluate any potential security threats and take any steps necessary to ensure a safe and fun environment.

For more information on this issue, you can read the announcements from the Adobe security team concerning the threat at the links below.

 
 
Please note that the forum script to create hyperlinks on the official forums has been disabled to prevent any attempt to use this vulnerability before it is widely patched. 

More about this vulnerability :
Malware Attack Exploiting Flash Zero Day Vulnerability  on Dancho Danchev's Blog.
Adobe Flash zero-day exploit in the wild  on ZDNet.com





Blue posts
Carrot on a stick stacking / getting it back
I think it's been well established that the riding crop does not stack with the carrot on a stick/spurs/enchant, as well as the proper way to request an item restoration by petitioning our in-game support.

That aside, we wouldn't make an item obtained in the 30's level range work with any future speed increases, either now or in the foreseeable future. We would effectively be requiring people to either go back and complete the quest if they hadn't, or doom our in-game support to hundreds of thousands of petitions for item restorations which could probably not be met. Save yourself the hassle, all you need is the riding crop. Source 

Naxxramas-80 in WotLK
It will be an entry raid dungeon, yes, but if you are in the same group that was able to complete it at level 60, I doubt you will be in there too long, so it will work out for the more experienced raiders as well. Source 
While some groups will blaze through that version as well, there will be a number of them that struggle on it as well, it won't be a cakewalk from one version to the other really. Source 



Multiple alternatives to the Amani War Bear after its removal from the game
Not an Amani Warbear, but we plan to have other bears out there at some point. Source 

Long quest chains and rewards
It depends on what you consider "end-game content", there is already a lot of quests that can be complete solo that are the end-game of solo play - some of them are a fairly long series as well and they will reward players with gear appropriate for the level of difficulty like the blue item rewards. Some of these series in The Burning Crusade required players to go through the 5 person dungeons, so these things already exist to a degree.

We have always put a lot of quests into our new zones and Northrend will be no exception. As players hit the new level cap, the challenges will grow and that is what leads players to focus on the 5 person dungeons, then the heroic dungeons, then on into raiding. If players were able to complete a long quest chain while solo-ing and it provided end-game gear, then it would be like removing raiding as I previously brought up because this would allow players who play a lot to race through it all and get things very quickly. So the rewards for any series of quests or dungeons will always need to be on par for the challenge and not automatically end-game gear. Source 


2008 Worldwide Invitational Tickets
The official site  has been updated once again and we know exactly when the extra tickets for the WWI will be on sale : Thursday, May 29th, at 15:00 Central European Summer Time. A few details about the events held during the convention have been added as well. 
Additional ticket sales for the Blizzard Worldwide Invitational will begin tomorrow, Thursday, May 29th, at 15:00 Central European Summer Time. If you haven’t yet purchased tickets for the event, follow the “Ticket Sales” link on the official Blizzard Worldwide Invitational  website at that time. There will only be a limited number of additional tickets available, so don’t delay in buying yours if you plan to attend.
The renowned video game music orchestra, Video Games Live, and Blizzard Entertainment’s own in-house band, Level 70 Elite Tauren Chieftain, have announced that they’ll be performing  live on stage during the closing ceremony on Sunday, June 29th. 
For those following the World of Warcraft comic series, designer and artist Ludovic Lullabi will be present for signings at the booth of the French World of Warcraft comic publisher, Soleil.



Fan Art - Night Hunt
A new and impressive fan art has been added to the official site 


 