Boubouille2007-10-11, 04:33 AMThe 2.3 is very, very soon, new dungeons, new quests, new epics, new epics, and even more epics. Also, if you're playing on european servers, the voice chat should be activated on all servers now. 

2.3 on PTR soon
A lot of today's blue posts kinda confirmed that the 2.3 would be soon = expect it for today or tomorrow. 
For those who are most concerned, the patch 2.3 PTR is coming soon and you'll be able to check out all of the changes that have been made for leveling 1 to 60.

2.3 Engineering epic flying mount
If you're planning to respec to engineering only to get this mount, I guess it will be cheaper to buy the Cenarion Expedition one for 2000 gold.
We are currently planning for the Epic version to require 375 Engineering skill.

Live Gurtogg Bloodboil hotfix
2.2 introduced a problem where Gurtogg was not hitting his main melee target as much as he should. We've resolved this so Gurtogg has the same innate miss chance as he possessed in 2.1.3.

Live See you next year Dark Iron Dwarves
Dark Iron Dwarves attacks definitely won't be available again this year. 
Q: When will the Dark Irons begin their attack again?
A: They have successfully been driven back for the remainder of this year's Brewfest holiday, but we've intercepted communique being transferred within their spy network, and they are recouping their losses with plans to return next year with an even greater presence.

2.3 New flight path in Stranglethorn Vale
We're adding a new flight path to Rebel Camp in northern Stranglethorn Vale. It's coming in patch 2.3.

2.3 +33% Damage on healing bonus testing
It looks fine, and we'll experience soon on PTR.
I normally try to refrain from replying to things that have my name in it or "blue" where I can. Sometimes though, I have to break the rules so that I can share some information with people. Please try to refrain from making me do this in the future. ;

How is this going on testing? It's going well last I heard and we haven't seen any potential problems with it. We haven't seen any OP issues with this even when looking at classes with high armor vs cloth wearers.

2.3 Champion of the Naaru
An interesting question, will the Champion of the Naaru rewarded if you completed the old Tempest Keep attunement questline title will come before or after your name ? According to Bornakk it's before.
All titles currently come before the name, so it should be the same as the other existing ones in this regard. The PTR will be up soon for you to see it too.

Increased bag space ?
Not yet. It shouldn't matter too much anyway with the new guild banks incoming in 2.3, I guess you could just create a fake guild on an alt and have a huge bank with hundreds of slots available.
We have increased bag space a fair amount since the start of the game. When The Burning Crusade launched, bigger bags became more accessible and bank slots were easier to purchase. At the same time we don't plan to just jump to 30 slot bags for everything and have players collect everything they want. I know this is an extreme example, but it's just showing that we have been doing things in increments so far and not huge jumps.

More additions, changes, and improvements are always possible in the future, like the built in itemrack idea, we will just have to wait and see what final implementations come out.