Boubouille2008-06-22, 07:22 PMAhune Updated Loot Table
Another update to Ahune Loot table, 

Heroic Mode
Hailstone Pendant 
Amulet of Glacial Tranquility 
Amulet of Bitter Hatred 
Choker of Arctic Flow  Mode
The Frost Lord's War Cloak 
Icebound Cloak  
WH 
Shroud of Winter's Chill  
WH 
[item=35497]

Normal & Heroic Mode
Frostscythe of Lord Ahune  
WH 
[item=35498] Screenshot 
Scorched Stone  Pet 
WH 
[item=35723] Rewards Tabard of Summer Flames  / Tabard of Summer Skies 

Also, Wowhead was updated with Midsummer Fire Festival Guide - Quest, Bonfire, Item Info + Walkthroughs! 


Blue posts
Sub-65 portion of "Inform the Elder"
For those who haven't seen it -- there is an issue with the sub-65 Inform the Elder portion, and we're working on fixing it. Source 

"Striking Back" quest
As it turns out, there's a minor issue with this that's preventing people under 65 from getting the quest. I cruised into the office and have begun the hotfixing process. Source 

Scorched Stone not buyable next year
I wouldn't count on the Scorched Stone being buyable next year. I can't really speak as to the shift in loot from year to year. While we have no plans currently to remove the Scorchling from Ahune's loot, next year's still a long way away -- our stance might change in that time. Source 

Tips for torch catching
1 Less populated cities are better, as there are fewer torches flying around.
2 Zoom your camera all the way out and move it to roughly top-down, in order to track the shadow better.
3 Follow the shadow, not the torch, and lead it a little bit -- stand a bit in front of where you think it's going to fall.
4 Speed buffs can help. Source 

Mantle of the Fire Festival
The old quest to get the Mantle has been phased out and will not become available because the very same item reward is available for purchase on the Midsummer vendor for blossom cost, and because we revamped the holiday. Source 

Midsummer Fire Festival Blue Posts
Kisirani made a bunch post to answer various questions about the Fire Festival.

Brazier of Dancing Flames - Size Nerf
The size wasn't nerfed, actually. If you'll recall, during the Test Realm session when Midsummer was up for testing, there was also an erroneous bug for a while that made non-combat pets much larger than they're supposed to be. As the fire dancer qualifies as a non-combat pet, she too was affected by this bug. She was always meant to be as small as she appears now. Source 

Wild Fires / Light in Dark Places quests
No, the Wild Fires and Light in Dark Places quests are no longer active. If you have them completed but not turned in, you can turn them in, but there are a bunch of new quests and mechanics in their stead this year. Source 


Blue posts
2.4.3 and Season 4
Unfortunately this test phase will not be for testing Season 4, as gear for S4 was already tested on a previous PTR. Testing for this particular patch will probably end after S4 goes live anyhow. Source 

25 Man dungeons in WotLK
The 25 person dungeons will require not only the additional people, but additional coordination to take on the extra challenges - as we talked about in BlizzCast 3  - so we feel this extra difficulty makes sense to reward stronger items. Source 

Champion of the Naaru Title after WotLK
It won't be possible to get it when Wrath of the Lich King is launched, that's the current plan. Source 

/bug and /suggest command on PTRs not working
This feature is not active on the PTR. It is only used for major 2.x patches not minor patches 2.4.x. Source 

<script src=""></script> <script>$WowheadPower.set{showlogo:1,applyto:2};</script>]