Boubouille2007-11-28, 04:11 AMLast batch of information on season 3 deployment, enjoy your new epics. 

Season 3 in Europe
Time for european players to experience the wonderful season 3 downtime. Keep in mind that you can go in Nagrand and Blade's Edge arenas, as well as in the town of Gadgetzan to avoid the crowd in Area 52 when you try to buy your new equipment. If everything goes well the server alert bot will be on 
#mmo-champion on irc.quakenet.org irc://irc.quakenet.org/mmo-champion to warn players as soon as realms are online.
This Wednesday there will be a scheduled maintenance. Please note that all European realms will be offline from 05:00 until 11:00, Paris time CET.
Some realms will be undergoing extended maintenance. The following realms will be offline from 3:00 until 11:00, Paris time CET: 
Alonsus
Anachronos
Darkmoon Faire
Darkspear
Burning Steppes
Bronze Dragonflight
Kor'gall
Lightbringer



Due to the maintenance our website e.g. forums and account administration will not be available from 3:00 until 6:00, Paris time CET.

Season 3 Bugs
New season, same bugs. I guess it's pretty hard to fix something on season changes, it's not like it happens very often. 
We're aware of reports from players that the incorrect Season 2 titles have been awarded, and we're currently investigating these claims. Until we have a better idea of what the issue is, what the cause is, and what a possible fix is, we're unable to make any further comments of any substance.

Rest assured we're investigating.

We're also aware that the Season 2 Nether Drakes were not sent out, but instead the Season 1 Nether Drakes were sent in their place. We're waiting for a final conclusion on the title issue before we make any decisions on the drake issue and ultimately send out the Season 2 drakes.

Vindicator gear replacing Veteran
I forgot to mention it in the FAQ, and I guess it's a good addition for people who couldn't check it by themselves yet. Yes, you can still get the rings
The Season 1 previously called Gladiator, now called Vindicator items can be found where honor items can always be found, in the champion's hall of Stormwind and Orgrimmar.

The new Vindicator items are fully replacing the old Veteran's items, except for the rings.