Boubouille2007-12-11, 03:59 AMNothing about the 2.3.2 yet, I guess we won't get it this week after all. But there is still hope, who knows

Season 3 Items now requires Team and Personal rating
Items now requires both Team and Personal rating at 1850 weapons or 2000 shoulders. Some people are going to be very unhappy with this change. 
Please be aware that with this week’s maintenance, purchasing arena season 3 items that have a required arena personal rating will now also require the purchaser’s arena team rating to be at the same point values as well.


World of Warcraft in Russian
I don't think it's a big surprise for the readers of this site, we announced it last week. Anyway Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. today announced that World of Warcraft is to be fully localized in Russian for release in 2008. The Russian version will be the fifth officially supported European language, complementing the existing English, French, German and Spanish versions.
PARIS, France -- Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. today announced that World of Warcraft®, its award-winning, subscription-based massively multiplayer online role-playing game, is to be fully localised in Russian for release in 2008. The Russian version will be the fifth officially supported European language, complementing the existing English, French, German and Spanish versions.

A dedicated Russian-speaking team is currently being assembled at the Blizzard Europe offices in France and Ireland to ensure Russian World of Warcraft players will benefit from the same quality of 24/7 native-language support as other European players. Roles will include in-game support, offline technical and customer support, localisation and quality assurance, community relations, and creation and maintenance of a new official Russian World of Warcraft website.

"Considering the scale and enthusiasm of the Russian community, we recognized that offering a dedicated Russian-language version of World of Warcraft was the next important step for the game in Europe," said Mike Morhaime, president and cofounder of Blizzard Entertainment. "We’re looking forward to providing an even more accessible gameplay experience to current and future players."

Further details on language pack downloads and migration plans for existing Russian players will be available closer to the release. To keep pace with the multi-lingual European growth of World of Warcraft and development of other games, Blizzard is currently hiring for numerous open positions. More information on available career opportunities at Blizzard Europe, including positions on the Russian team, can be found at   


Attack range bugs
Tharfor made a fairly interesting post about bugs affecting tauren druids, and sometimes even other classes last part.
The attack range as a tauren in humanoid form is slightly longer than when you're shapeshifted in cat form. 
The server check making sure that your target is in front of you before landing an attack is much more thorough than the standard auto-attack. This applies to all classes. Video 

The Tauren character model has a larger attack range than other humanoid models; the feral form models do not benefit from this as the feral form is no longer a Tauren. Simply put: when you shapeshift to a smaller form feral, you will need to get closer in order to attack – this is not a bug.

We also received a video   which shows auto-attacks hitting a target which is behind the player, but the special abilities do not. This was investigated and it was discovered that the ‘target is in front’ check for abilities is much more thorough than the standard auto-attack. This applies to all classes.


Other blue posts
Group loots bugs
It seems that some items from quests, skinning, herbalism, etc ... now counts as group loot. This is a known issue and a fix will be included in a future patch. Source http://This is a known issue and a fix will be included in a future patch.

Wrath of the Lich King
Yes, you will replace most of your epics quite fast in WotLK, exactly like it was with BC. Source 

3rd profession on characters
For the moment, the answer is "not going to happen". World of Warcraft is a multiplayer game, it is meant to have communities and have you interact with other people to accomplish certain things. I have played on a high population and a low population realm and while some rare recipes were a little harder to find on the low population realm, I definitely could find them and just had to put some effort into communicating with the proper player and meeting up with them. In the end I don't really see a reason to add a 3rd profession to my characters other than convenience and making things easier. Source 

Backpack: Bigger is better
According to Bornakk having bigger backpacks is a possibility, but no final decision has been reached on the backpack at this time. Source 