Boubouille2008-03-22, 11:38 AMWotLK Bestiary - The Iron Dwarf
The Wrath of the Lich King Bestiary  has been updated with a new creature: the Iron Dwarf. 
The Explorers' League has scoured the far corners of the world, seeking to uncover the truth behind the origins of the dwarves. Now it seems they may be one step closer to unlocking the secrets of the past.

The latest clues come from ancient dig sites within the Howling Fjord, where the iron dwarves were first encountered. Etched with runes of power - and with lightning pulsing beneath their thick, metallic skin - they may represent the missing link between the dwarves and the legendary titans of myth. Unfortunately the malevolent iron dwarves have openly defied the Explorers' League and seem intent on destroying any and all artifacts connecting them to the shadowed recesses of history.


 


Noblegarden In-Game Event This Sunday
The great feast of Noblegarden  has long been celebrated by the races of the Alliance and recently adopted by those of the Horde. On this joyous day, it is customary for the nobles and lords from each race to hide coins, candy, and the occasional treasures within special eggs painted to look like wildflowers. These eggs are then scattered around the major cities for the citizenry to find. From heroes to commoners, and everyone in between - the feast of Noblegarden is meant to bring communities together to share the joy of life and friendship.


TTR Battle this Saturday
The Tournament Test Realm battle is today ! If you missed the first post it will take place this Saturday from 12PM to 4PM PDT. Hortus also posted two small updates about the test realms and the battle.
Hortus won't attend the TTR Battle
Um yeah <cough><cough> I think I'm coming down with something and won't be able to participate... sorry. Seriously though. Sorry guys I won't be there tomorrow. I'm sure one of the CMs will be happy to hand out goodies though. Source 

Bug on Spellstolen buffs
There is a bug preventing Spellstolen buffs to be dispelled. Devs identified this issue and it should be resolved by the time the patch goes live. Source 


Three-Year anniversary contest winners
The winners of the european 3-year anniversary contest have been announced, you can view some of the the winning Fan Art entries below There are a few more on the official site 


     
     


New Comic - Teh Gladiators
A new WoW comic is now online, Teh Gladiators  ! According to the author it's gonna be a weekly updated comic strip series that should evolve as the PVP Arena evolves in the game.

The Genesis
You know how every story has a beginning... and an end, well, this one is no different. We've decided we'd run the first fourteen pages as an intro to the storyline. You get to know the protagonists, what they are about and what the comic is about.

We will keep this bad boy updated on a weekly basis, every Saturday. Ideally, we'd like to keep the subsequent pages as autonomous as possible as far as their events, so that you can sort of "jump in" at any point. But we're not making any promises. Sometimes the plot will dictate otherwise and, of course, our actual jobs might as well.


 