Boubouille2007-10-30, 08:07 PMUpdate 2 : "Other blue posts" have been updated, also don't forget that the Focused Will and Natural Perception changes have been updated since the first post a few hours ago. 

Update : It seems that the "No ETA" wasn't really needed, it's already in the PTR Build applied today on test realms. Natural Perfection and Focused Will have been changed again, blue posts below updated. It also means that the talents modified in the latest build of the PTR  are already outdated. ^^

Updated Focused Will Priest changes
Healer's day ! Follow-up of yesterday's post about priests, and a talent upgrades for druids.
Feedback was read, gathered and the designers are fully aware of all that you've provided. As a result, we're making an adjustment to the talent so instead of seeing this morning's version of focused will in the next PTR push, you'll see:

"After taking a critical hit you gain the Focused Will effect, reducing all damage taken by 1/3/5% and increasing healing effects on you by 4/7/10% for 6 seconds. Stacks up to 3 times."

Updated Natural Perfection Druid Changes
We've read through a great deal of feedback and are making another adjustment to the natural perfection talent which you'll see in the next PTR data push.

"Now also grants the Natural Perfection effect after being critically hit, reducing all damage taken by 1/3/5% for 6 seconds. Stacks up to 3 times." 

Other Blue posts

Paid name change
There is no ETA for the second phase of testing =bringing the feature on european servers Source 



Priest
Discipline tree in WotLK will "stand on its own two feet", be viable in PvE, and based on player feedback. Source 



Alterac Valley changes
Capturing a mine is going to give you back reinforcements as long as you hold it. It should be about +1 for every 45 seconds. Source 



PvP
75k honor cap is fine. Source 
There won't be any new BG before WotLK, the expansion will include a new BG along with the outdoor PvP Zone Source 



Naxxramas in WotLK
There will be the same bosses, some fights will remain the same and some will be changed, like the 4 Horsemen retuned to fit the 25 person raid model. Source 



Wrath of the Lich King fansite kit
Blizzard released a new fansite kit  for Wrath of the Lich King, you won't find anything new in it but the layout included in the /web/ directory might help if you plan to start your own website.


 