Boubouille2007-12-03, 08:17 AMBlizzard is working on a next-gen MMO
It's not really a big surprise, but I think it's the first time there is an official statement about it. Usual speculations are Diablo 3, a Starcraft MMO after all, WoW has been released "shortly" after War 3, and of course a Lost Vikings MMO where dwarves will rule the world. 
Q: Various posts about the job applications on Blizzard's website concerning a MMO, and how it could possibly be additional manpower for WotLK
A: No, it is an unannounced Next-Gen MMO. And that doesn't mean an expansion for World of Warcraft either.


-------------------------

Virus Alert
And unfortunately for us, the “they” in this case are thieves, and they came. It appears that the people who are distributing the latest rash of trojans paid us a visit as well. We have determined that two of the mods on the site that have auto-installers were hacked and a trojan inserted. From our investigations, it appears that the incursion was on 30 Nov. Here are the details that you need to be aware of:

If you downloaded either: "KaoMod-20300.001.exe" or "SewellUI" between 30 Nov and 02 Dec, you may have been infected. 

What you need to do
If you downloaded either of those files and think you may have been infected follow the steps on WoWInterface.com forums 


-------------------------

Mike Morhaime interview on IncGamers
IncGamers interviewed Mike Morhaime Blizzard CEO to get more details on the Activision / Vivendi partnership. 

Q: Why Activision Blizzard and not Activision Vivendi?
Blizzard Entertainment is arguably one of the strongest brands in the interactive entertainment industry. Like I mentioned, we are number one in PC and online in North America, Europe, and most of Asia outside of Japan, so I think it really makes sense with it being such a strong brand that it really deserves to be in the corporate name.

Q: Are there going to be any structural changes at Blizzard at all? You have stated that there won't be any changes but are things going to change behind the scenes that the Blizzard fan base are not going to see or know about?
I’ll tell you what, if I do my job properly, the players won't notice any difference.

Q: Will Activision have any involvement with the day to say running of Blizzard at all?
Not really. Activision is going to be focused on the Activision business. Blizzard will be focused on the Blizzard business, and of course we'll be talking to each other. I think there's a lot we can teach them about online games and certainly they run a very efficient company and I think there are things we can learn from them. 

Q: Is there going to be any impact on World of Warcraft subscribers? We've seen a few threads this evening with players concerned about the product/service quality slipping and concerns about the timely release of patches. Can you reassure the players that it's business as usual at Blizzard.
The management structure of Blizzard is not changing. We've got the same people responsible for assuring quality. Our priorities have not changed. We're the same company we've always have been. We're just allying with experience and a very successful company that has strengths in other areas. Combined, we're a stronger company, but the Blizzard Entertainment brand is going to remain unchanged, as is the Blizzard operation. Blizzard fans should not be concerned.

You can read the full interview on IncGamers.com 


-------------------------

Comics
Double Dark Legacy today since I didn't post it last week because of the 2.3.2 patch. 


   