Boubouille2008-01-05, 06:00 AMLack of information today, Blizzard is probably keeping a lot of the interesting stuff for the Blizzard podcast they plan to release it "at the beginning of January" or/and just don't want to spoil the fun out of 2.4 yet. However there was a very interesting announcement about PTRs downtime, and it could be the end of the wait very soon if we're lucky.

PTR Upgrade - 2.4 ?
Blizzard is doing a 3 days maintenance on PTR servers at the beginning of next week. 
In order to perform maintenance, all PTRs will be taken down on January 7th at 18:00 Paris time CET. We currently expect the PTRs to be back during the evening of January 10th.

Wait, is this supposed to be interesting ?
Actually, yes but it depends a lot on how you interpret it. 
Theory #1 : They want to upgrade PTR servers for some reasons, just to not get surprised when they decide to release the 2.4 on PTRs but not necessarily this week.
Theory #2 : That's what would happen in a perfect world. It could mean that 2.3.2 testing is finished and the patch will be deployed on live servers Tuesday US and Wednesday EU. This would mean that the PTR servers could be back the next day with the 2.4 patch on it available for testing, it wouldn't be surprising and it would perfectly explains why Blizzard needs 3 days of PTR downtime. 

Of course that's just speculation and nothing is official, but you might want to keep a close look on the site next week. 


Battleground AFK Reporting Hotfix
The title is pretty clear, the report tool is being hotfixed to make it more efficient.
To help improve the quality of play in Battlegrounds we have applied a Hotfix that significantly reduces the number of AFK reports needed to mark a player as inactive and prevent them from gaining Battleground Marks and Honor Points.

For information on how to do complete an AFK report, please see the “AFK Reporting” section here:  

Also, our In-Game Support Department is regularly checking for inactive players and they will be issuing disciplinary measures for those found violating our policies.

Drysc also posted a few words of explanation about this.
In any case it's something we've been looking to do for a little while now, and since it's a hotfixable change not everything is, we hotfixed it.

We do have some fairly substantial Alterac Valley changes coming in a future patch that we hope will address some of the balance and play issues.</annoyinglybutnecessarilyvague> Source 

We want to fix the main issue.

The main issue is not that people AFK, it's why they AFK.
The main issue is not that some no longer queue, it's why they no longer queue.

Asking to make the AFK or queuing system more robust read: punishing is really just band-aiding a band-aid and on and on. It will never stop, and we'll only reach a point of total agreement when no one is allowed to play.

We're attempting to put in good, balanced, fun changes that fix these issues at their root.

I'm being a bit hypocritical because the hotfix today did none of this, but it's certainly a positive change in the interim. Source 


Comics
This one is a bit old if you've been reading GUComics regularly, but it's pretty cool so here it is. 


 