Boubouille2007-10-24, 05:49 AMMore 2.3 Patch Notes changes
A few changes have been added to the patch notes again or maybe I just missed them the first time. The major change this time is probably the removal of engineering skill requirements on [item=33093] and [item=33092]. Theses changes aren't on the PTR yet so we can't really preview the new reagents for the 74A Repair Bot It is the old one, not the one added in 2.3
Engineering
Engineering potion injectors no longer require engineering skill to use.
Jumper Cables XL is no longer a trinket.
The materials required for the Field Repair Bot 74A have been simplified.



World Environment
Gas clouds in Nagrand now produce motes of air.
Gas clouds in Zangarmarsh now produce motes of water instead of motes of life.

Blue posts !
2.3 Testing
There are still no plans to have pre-mades for 2.3. Source 
Reaching Zul'aman is way too dangerous for Alliance Players on PvP realms. Blizzard plans to add guards and also look at how the area is flagged to see if they can make some changes. Source 

PvP
The requirements to get titles and rewards at the end of season 2 might change to prevent "inactive teams" from getting them. Blizzard will provide a two weeks notice before the end of season 2 to announce any changes to how they determine which teams would be considered "eligible". Source 
The arena rating requirement to buy arena rewards is required at the time of purchase only, you can freely use the item once it's bought even if your rating is lower. Source 

Hunters
There was no change to normal melee range. There is a bug involving abilities with 8 yard minimum range, and it is being looked at. Source 

Professions
All non-gathering professions should get something special, viable, and unique to the crafter in Wrath of the Lich King. Source 

Raid & Dungeons
25 Players raids are fine, they don't plan to change the amount of players in WotLK or later. Source 

Items
The 45 seconds hidden cooldown on [item=25893] is an intended change and nerf, the proc rate has been increased though. Source 

Interface
Multi-lines macroed messages should be allowed again in guild chat and private channel with 25 people or less. Source 
The maximum tab targeting range is limited to 50 in 2.3. Source 


World of Warcraft Online Atlas
The official site has been updated with a Flash Atlas Be careful, auto sound on , there are a few interesting information on it and it looks nice. However depending on how good your eyes are, you might not find it very readable ^^


 