Boubouille2008-10-08, 02:57 AMUpdate 09:45 CEST - I'm not even going to waste a new post for this build. Most of the upcoming class changes didn't make it in this patch and it looks like it was only deployed to fix bugs. Which is a very good thing too !. Make sure you check the last 3 posts for upcoming class changes.
Update 05:50 CEST - Oops, added  Devouring Plague Change  as well
Update 05:45 CEST - Added  Update on Shadowflame and Haunt  and an update to  Upcoming Shaman Changes 

WotLK Beta Build - 9061
Below are all the class changes for this build.
 Death Knight Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9061 
Ebon Plague now increases damage done by diseases by 30%. Down from 60%

 Hunter Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9061 
The threat value of Growl Rank 9 - Level 80 has been increased from 800 to 1234. 

 Mage Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9061 
Amplify Magic bonus to heal effects has been reduced. 480 to 255 for Rank 7, 240 to 128 for Rank 6, etc ...
Dampen Magic malus to heal effects has been reduced. 480 to 255 for Rank 7, 240 to 128 for Rank 6, etc ...

 Upcoming Paladin Changes
Righteous Defense -- cooldown lowered to 8 sec. It had been 10 sec recently and is 15 sec on live.

Infusion of Light -- now affects Flash of Light or Holy Light. Flash of Light is reduced to 0 cast time with 2 ranks, meaning that if you're running around and get a Holy Shock crit, you can also Flash without stopping.

Judgements of the Pure -- haste benefit now up to 15% with 5 ranks was 10%.

Enlightened Judgements -- range benefit is now 30 yards with 2 ranks was 20. This means you can judge or heal from the same range without having to run around so much.

Bacon of Light -- no change here, but I can never miss an opportunity to call it Bacon. 

 Update on Shadowflame and Haunt
Shadowflame -- We ultimately decided to keep the cone and the dot component, but just the damage. We compared Shadowflame's damage to Cone of Cold, but the latter benefits from a pretty sweet talent and is arguably a little weak-feeling without the talent. Shadowflame has no equivalent talent, so we buffed its damage by about 75%.

Haunt -- In order to give you a wider window in which to renew the spell, we lowered the cooldown to 8 sec. Refreshing Haunt will also trigger the heal from the existing Haunt, so clipping your previous one won't be as big a problem. 

 Devouring Plague Changes
We increased the damage coefficient of Devouring Plague to be similar to other damage over time spells. We also lowered the base damage on ranks 7, 8, and 9 to partially compensate for better scaling.

Overall this will unquestionably be a buff to the spell's damage, but I wanted to state this clearly lest you just see the base damage in a future build and think we nerfed it. 

 Upcoming Shaman Changes - Update
Update on Lava Burst.

We ended up buffing the damage by about 10%. You should now have a lot motivation to use it and Flame Shock once you hit level 75. Lightning Bolt isn't going anywhere so you still have your old standby, particularly for 3.0.2 and until you gain a few levels. 


Raidcomp
While we wait for the patch, it might be a good time to talk a little about Raidcomp  More on that on front page when I'll be sure that it doesn't crash anything on the servers. 

Short description
Raid composition is an important aspect of WoW PvE. RaidComp from now on denoted as RC aims to be to raid compositions what talent calculators are to talent specs; allowing everyone to play around with and share different raid compositions online. RC also helps raid leaders by giving an overview of the different buff and debuff categories. It won't do all the thinking for you, raid optimization is complex, however it should be able to do most of the grunt work and highlight some of the categories and abilities you need to look closer at. For example here you have Last Resort 's regular setups for M'uru  and KJ 