Boubouille2008-07-23, 11:13 AMArticle Updates - Zone and Dungeons
There are a lot of articles in the work, some changes are bigger than the others but most of the time we just can't news them because they're still minor changes. To solve this problem I will do a list of the changes on the site every once in a while.

Dungeons
Azjol-nerub
7 screenshots  from the beta server have been added.
The pages for Krik'thir the Gatewatcher , Hadronox , Anub'arak  have been updated with a banner and a screenshot for each boss. 



Caverns of Time - Stratholme
The summary  has been updated with an introduction to the zone. 



Drak'tharon Keep
The summary  has been updated with an introduction to the zone, the broken link in the loot table has been fixed.
The pages for Trollgore , Novos the Summoner , King Dred , The Prophet Tharon'ja  have been updated with a banner and a screenshot for each boss. 



Halls of Stone
The loot table  has been updated.
15 screenshots  from the beta server have been added.
The pages for Maiden of Grief , Krystallus  ,Sjonnir the Ironshaper  have been updated with a banner and a screenshot for each boss. 



The Nexus
The pages for Grand Magus Telestra , Anomalus , Ormorok the Tree-Shaper , Keristrasza  have been updated with a banner and a screenshot for each boss. 



Utgarde Keep
The pages for Prince Keleseth , Skarvald / Dalronn , Ingvar the Plunderer  have been updated with a banner and a screenshot for each boss. 



Zones
Dalaran
The introduction on the summary  has been updated.



Crystalsong Forest
The summary  has been updated with an introduction.



Grizzly Hills
The summary  has been updated with an introduction, the description for Drak'tharon Keep  has been updated. 





Hunter - Pet Talent Trees
I don't think we talked about the new talent trees for the hunter's pet, but here they are ! Thanks to Axolia for all the work she did on these articles. They'll be added to the Hunter class pages as soon as possible, for the moment please use the link below.
Cunning 
Ferocity 
Tenacity 






Cunning  | Ferocity  | Tenacity 

Also, Wryxian made a small post about exotic pets on the official forums. 
The developers are currently working on the exotic pet talent. Exotic pets are exactly that, exotic and not the average run of the mill pet. But whether this name will stick or not, is uncertain at this point. But these will be a range of new pets with unique abilities, that only those with the talent will be able to tame and train. Where do you get them, well, we've not got news on that right now -- perhaps somewhere, exotic! ;-

These pets are different from normal pets, but they're not necessarily more "uber" than others. However they will have access to unique abilities not available to the normal pets that every Hunter can train. A Hunter with this talent will get extra power, but from the talent's associated additional pet talent points and not necessarily from the exotic pet. 


BOE Items - 6 Additions
The following items have been added to the BOE Items list.
Corehoud Fang Shoulderpads  Leather
Girdle of the Howling Berserker  Plate
Belt of Crystalline Tears  Plate
Agin's Crushing Carapace  Plate
Lydia's Sharpened Swordbreaker  1H Sword
Petrified Ironwood Smasher  2H Mace




     
     