Boubouille2008-08-19, 10:40 AMWotLK Mounts - The Hog "confirmed"
Two days ago I talked about the Wrath of the Lich King Mounts  and mentionned in the post the new motorcycle mount called "The Hog". I didn't expect it to happen that soon but it looks like the item related to the mount is now unlocked on beta servers! For the moment I'm not really sure if this was caused by a GM testing it or if players can already get it in game but it's definitely here. 

The item is here, the mount isn't something temporary used in a quest or something and it looks like you can actually get an item and learn the spell just like any other mount.
You can also use it in Northrend and Outland.
As of today, it's not restricted to engineers and anyone can use it.



Of course, keep in mind that this is a beta version of the game and it could be changed in the future. 


 
   


Blue posts
Blizzcon tickets lottery restrictions
Anyone who was able to purchase any amount of tickets before they sold out last Tuesday will be ineligible to win additional tickets in the drawing. We do understand that some players may have intended to purchase more tickets for family or friends, however, this drawing is intended to help out as many players as possible who were unable to secure any tickets on Monday or Tuesday due to technical issues with the store.

The drawing is specifically to give those who tried to get tickets or had tickets in their carts but could not purchase them due to technical issues another shot at buying tickets. This drawing is not simply a way of releasing 3,000 more tickets for anyone else that wants to go to BlizzCon. Source 

Account password on beta servers
If we refresh the beta accounts from the live ones, you might get the new password instead. Until that time though, which is not to be expected, you should continue using the old password. Source 

Length of /cower's animation
The current length of /cower is unintended. The animation length has been increased and will appear in an upcoming build. Source 

 Druid Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8788 
Armor in Wrath of the Lich King
Armor is one of the most important stats a tank can have. We aren't trying to keep bears from getting it.

The change to itemization was done solely to avoid having so much diversity in the items we could drop. It's lame when you're leveling up to keep seeing quest rewards that are itemized for your spec which TBH is still a problem we haven't solved for Feral weapons and idols. It's lame when your raid kills a boss and he drops say elemental mail, healing leather, and a spellpower mace, none of which your group can use. Having bears, cats and rogues all desire the same leather drops isn't a panacea -- it helps some problems, but it creates others. Having bears run around with as much armor as a rogue would be a big, big problem.

Fortunately there are plenty of ways to give bears the armor they need -- through talents like the crit resistance one or through Dire Bear form itself for example. Even if another tanking class ends up having slightly more armor than a druid, the differences should be so minor that neither of you is at a significant disadvantage on a boss.

I am glad someone mentioned the hunter example. I am really hoping you guys have the same reaction when you see the next pass on druid talents. Source 

 Hunter Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8788 
Growl
Growl sucks. We'll fix it. Source 

Boars and Charge
We actually debated this issue quite a bit. In the end it came down to a call about whether it was more fitting to boars to keep Charge or whether it was more fitting for the boar to be a tanking pet. The tanking pets were all going to get Intervene instead of Charge, since it let them be more useful as an OT, and we didn't think it was worth the cost of making changes or exceptions to that design just to preserve boars Charging.

In the end, we decided that boars are feared because they are tough. They have leathery skin, a stubborn disposition and had a reputation for fighting on long after their wounds should have killed them. In short, they felt like a tank. We tried to keep the feeling of the old Charge with the bonus component to Gore.

It was very difficult to come up with a whole new system for pets without losing any aspect of the old system that might be important to players. Source 

Kill Command changes
Kill Command was initially created as a reactive ability, something you hit when an event happened a critical strike. The problem was that the event happened too often, and players just stuck it into a macro. Kill Command basically just became a flat damage increase. Players are right to assume their DPS has jumped because of shots not interrupting the auto-shot timer it has, our tests show a ~140 DPS increase in some trials, so I think it's fair to say the class' sustained DPS will be okay. Source 

 Priest Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8788 
Shadowpriests upcoming changes
We're going to do some further tweaks to Shadow soon. Source 

 Shaman Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8788 
Multiple Totems of Wrath stackable on beta servers
Bug. Probably will also get another re-design too. Source 

Earth Shock and downranking
We're working on a rank-1 Earth Shock equivalent spell. Not sure when it will be in, though. Source 


WotLK Cinematic at the Games Convention ?
Yesterday, the following mail from the Blizzard's PR team was posted on Maxconsole.net 

Just wanted to let you all know that Blizzard will be unveiling the opening cinematic movie for World of Warcraft: Wrath of the Lich King at the Games Convention in Leipzig. The cinematic will be shown at 1:00 p.m., Thursday 21 August at the Blizzard Entertainment booth D01 in Hall 5. A Q&A session featuring members of the cinematics team will immediately follow.

Blizzard’s lineup of activity will also feature hands-on gameplay with StarCraft II and Wrath of the Lich King, Q&A sessions with members from the StarCraft II and Diablo III teams, and more.

The information was widely posted on other sites, including popular ones like Kotaku  but I wouldn't take it as confirmed until we hear it from Blizzard itself on one of their official site.