Boubouille2008-07-24, 11:44 AMUpdate : The first batch of videos from MLG Orlando is now available on Gotfrag , more about that tomorrow !

Instance - Utgarde Pinnacle & The Violet Hold added !
The Utgarde Pinnacle  and The Violet Hold  also known as the Dalaran Prison articles have been added to the instance pages ! Both articles already have a boss list, and you will also find 5 screenshots of The Violet Hold  and 10 Screenshots of Utgarde Pinnacle 


   


Instance Maps - Halls of Stone and Azjol-Nerub
The Halls of Stone  and Azjol-Nerub  articles now have their own map ! 


   


WotLK Beta - Blue posts
A lot of posts have been made about classes changes in the beta, below is a list with most of them. Also included a few posts about the upcoming features.
New Items Bag Types
Your bags will be ok. I promise. Pets, Mounts, Heroic Badges, BG Tokens are all getting storage space. Source 



New Mount Storage System See this news 
Spotted, Striped, Swift are all unique. Each color variation of a pet or mount is unique. Source 
Your pets and mounts are going away in the next build. Source 



Achievements
In regards to the Tabards, once the achievement has counted them, you can delete them or sell them back. Source 
Ingvar's death isn't recorded for the Utgarde Keep achievement, this is a bug and it will be fixed asap. Source 



World
Dalaran will be getting some huge updates in the next couple of patches. Source 



 Death Knight
The bug preventing Death Coil from using any runic power when casted should be fixed soon. Source 
A lot of the existing quests are still being tweaked. We also have plans to do a few more at the end to make the transition to good old EP a little less jarring. We even have a new Ebon Hold that is a little smaller and easier to navigate. One of the best parts of WoW should be even better by the time we go live. If you haven't spent much time in Northrend, many of the quests there are of this caliber with equally interesting mechanics. It's hard to compress as many into such a great story as the DK start zone though. The good news is that some of the plot threads started in Acherus extend up into Northrend.... Source 



 Druid
We have no plans to implement a "Dire Cat" form at this time. "Dire Bear" exists for the sole purpose of upgrading the Feral Druid's armor value to match the Warrior/Paladin etc. Druids get no shield We do, however, intend to allow Druids to be able to use items and enchants with procs in forms, which I believe will work in the next beta build don't hold me to it though. Source 
I think what Kalgan meant was that we intend to do different texture variances for Druid forms, including Cat form. Which is true, though not sure how soon we're going to get that. They may come from a repeatable quest, or through inscription. Regarding the "Feral Range Bug," that really is not a bug. Have a Warrior, Rogue or any melee class play without using a snare and you'll encounter the same issue. The issue is that the server and client are not sync. When you try to do damage to the target, while your client shows him on your screen, the server disagree's and gives you an error. Snares help alleviate the problem, which is what we're giving Feral Druids in the form of "Infected Wounds" for the expansion. Source 
I just had a chat with our programmers and we do have some new tech for WOLK intended to help solve the melee range issue. The server will try to "predict" the range between you and your target, which we hope will make the issue less evident. This has not yet been implemented in beta, but I'll let you know when we do finally put in the change. Source 



 Hunter
When your pet gains a level, it will automatically gain a new rank of Growl if one is available at that level. The only thing you really need to manage is which talents to choose... and keeping your spore bat fed and happy. You don't learn skills from disposable beasts any longer, and the only thing to do at the Pet Trainer is untalent your pet. Source 
We didn't want hunters to have spend a big chunk of talent points just to get pet resistance up to where it is in Burning Crusade. So pets will have some amount of inherent resistance. We're not sure how much that will be yet, but it should be enough that your pet doesn't feel fragile. If you want a truly magic-resistant pet, you can top it off with talents. For now at least the lower ranks of the old resistance skills are just free like Growl and Cower. Source 
There are talents in all 3 pet trees that you can invest in if maintaining happiness is a problem or just annoying for you. We're also trying to give you a few more options to keep your pet alive, such as more Avoidance and reduced spell damage, and even more ways to heal your pet. Of course you can always choose to focus directly on more damage and hope your pet survives long enough to make good use of it. Source 
Think of your pet bar as just shortcuts to your spellbook. It doesn't really matter if an ability is on the bar or not. It can be cast or autocast directly from the spellbook, and unfortunately all new abilities start with autocast defaulted on. This is something we might be able to fix, but in the meantime, peek at your pet's spellbook whenever it gains a level to make sure nothing has changed. Cower can surprise you, because it/si something a lot of players passed on before -- understandably, because even if effective it's not a very fun thing to spend points on, which is why we just give it away now. Source 
We haven't done a major pass on threat generation yet for any of the classes. We realize it was very easy in BC for hunters to pull aggro off of their pets. You can probably tell from some of the pet talents including the ones that just grant more pet dps that we want pets to be able to hold their own threat against a hunter. This is especially true when it's just you and Bitey out on your own, but ideally a tanking pet with the proper spec will be an effective offtank for 5-player instances, or even a main tank under some circumstances say a group quest perhaps. Source 



 Paladin
In terms of Blessing of Salvation and Defiance, we're turning away from requiring talents and spells to grant threat and instead just "bake" it into the existing threat generation abilities. Source 



 Priest
We'll be removing the imposed cooldown on Circle of Healing in an upcoming beta build. We'll experiment with the ability having no cooldown, but it's still possible we may decide it needs it. We are indeed concerned with the impact AOE heals such as Circle of Healing, Chain Heal etc. have in endgame raiding, but we haven't decided the best way to address the issue. Source 



 Rogue
Doing some changes to poisons, should see them in an upcoming build. Source 
Riposte - This mechanic is being replaced with "Dismantle" which you can use on demand instead of relying on a proc. Source http://



 Shaman
The Lightning Shield being triggered without any cooldown is a bug. Source 
Maelstrom is resetting the swing timer, this is a bug and we hope to have it not reset your swing timer sometime soon. Source 
We'll be doing a polish pass of the Shaman soon. But yes, we do want Flametongue Weapon to be the "Elemental Shaman" weapon. Not sure yet if that is through passive spell damage or a different mechanic. Source 



 Warlock
Haunt is currently not yet completely implemented, we hope to get the damage over time boost effect to work in a future build. Source 
We're doing a polish pass of the Warlock currently, you'll see some changes in the next build sometime this week I believe?, and a little more after that until the end of beta. Keep letting us know what you think. Source 
Design of Demon Form is not yet complete, we're going to give him a strong melee attack and make the form a type of "DPS timer" for PvE purposes. It's texture is also not yet finished. Source 
Improved Soul Leech is bugged and should be working in 1-2 builds. Source 



 Warrior
We have more work to do on the Warrior, yes = Hang tight a bit longer. Source 
The goal is for Arms or Fury Warrior to be able to tank nearly as well as a Prot Warrior in terms of threat generation. Where the Prot Warrior is unique is in his defensive utility and playstyle. Source 