Boubouille2008-08-18, 10:34 AMWrath of the Lich King - Screenshots Update
We added screenshots to some of the zones pages. We'll probably update some articles this week, don't be surprised if some of them look strange at some point, it won't last more than a few minutes. 

Gun'drak Article 
A lot of effects were added, boss rooms labeled and it definitely looks great now. 


         
         
         
       
   


Ahn'Kahet: The Old Kingdom Article 
This is supposedly the 2nd part of Azjol-Nerub. A page has been created for this dungeon - Ahn'Kahet: The Old Kingdom 


         
         
       
   


Caverns of Time - Stratholme Article 
I never really took the time to take a lot of screenshots of the zone, this is now fixed. Note that the Crusader's Squad was updated in one of the latest build and is now filled with Scourge weaponry. 


         
         
         
         
         


Chamber of Aspects Article 
The article was modified to add pages for the different aspects. NPCs have appeared next to each portal in the latest build. 


         


The Violet Hold Article 
The zone was revamped in 8770 but I never took the time to update the screenshots, here is how it looks now !


         
         


Strand of the Ancients Article 
A few graphical improvements were made to the zone.


         
         
  


Blue posts
Mana cost change to prevent Downranking
Remember that we're looking for constructive feedback. And please keep in mind that as we've stated, we're going to look at any issues this changes creates and will be working to resolve them. This may include the addition of new spells or abilities or possibly re-working existing unused abilities. Source 

Utgarde Keep - Ingvar the Plunderer Phase 2
We're still looking into what causes Ingvar's transition to phase 2 to halt for some players, but haven't been able to identify the precise reason this happens yet. Source 

Feral Tanking in WotLK
Nobody can really compare a level 80 prot warrior to a level 80 feral druid because those individuals don't exist yet. Therefore, we have made almost no attempt to compare their tanking stats except to say "Man, bears could probably use something like Last Stand and something like Thunder Clap" and "Hey, let's make sure bears don't have to scrounge for rare +defense leather or even +resilience in order to be uncrittable." That work is coming.

Bears are able to tank some end-game content even on Live, so I don't think they are orders of magnitude behind warriors. In situations where they struggle, it is sometimes because of crushing blows or mechanics introduced specifically to drive warriors to tank, Shear for instance. I'm going to be tanking Ulduar on my bear, so I'll be the first to complain if I feel the class design isn't up to it.

As far as the previous poster who likes the Feral as the tank / dps hybrid, I don't think anything we're doing will really hurt that. You may be 5-10 talent points behind a tank-focused Feral or a dps-focused Feral but if you liked OTing the bear boss in ZA and then dps'ing on the eagle boss, you should still be great at doing that. The difference is the bear who does spend those talents on threat, mitigation and oh snap abilities instead of +Shred can actually be a raid's primary main tank.

One of the best rogues I know occasionally raided in blue gear or with no talent spec just to remind everyone that player skill often has a much bigger impact on your contribution to a raid than anything else. I know it's easy for anyone to drag out antecdotes that nobody else can validate, but it's worth keeping in mind.

Now I am imagining the "GC said you don't need talents or gear to tank, so obviously X class isn't going to get any!" quotes. 1 Not true. 2 Sigh. Source 

 Warrior Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8788 
Overpower in PvE
I can't recall if I mentioned this, but one thing that comes up a lot is letting Arms get better use out of Overpower in PvE. No promises, but I wouldn't at all be surprised to see something like this. Source 

Tanking multiple targets in WotLK
Shockwave is a cool ability, but if it is the ultimate AE tanking ability, that isn't really going to let dps warriors tank Utgarde. I also know plenty of warriors and bears that can get a large pull to stick them like glue even today. But it takes a lot of tab-targeting and a lot of skill. Skill is always going to be a component of tanking, but since you can't always gauge the skill of someone you don't know, we'd rather give everyone good tools to tank a 5-player run. Source 

 Death Knight Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8788 
Bloodworms Healing
The Bloodworms should heal you for 150% of the damage they do. If they hit for 30, they should heal you for 45. There were some bugs with the calculation until recently. Source 

Death Knight Auras in Buff Bar
We turned the aura icons off. Once you get the talent, that aura will be up all the time so we thought it was annoying to have the icon always there reminding you. Most passive talents aren't shown as icons. It shows up for the other players in your group, however, to remind them. Source 

Black Ice
Black Ice says it affects "spells" but I believe the way it is set up is just to improve Frost and Shadow damage. I'm not sure if anyone has tested that or not. Changing that tooltip could have a big effect on Frost and Unholy.