Boubouille2008-10-17, 12:12 PMPatch 3.0.3 to be released soon
Tigole made an interesting reply to a post pointing out issues with Hallow's End achievements. It definitely confirms that Patch 3.0.3 will be deployed on live servers before WotLK except if something goes wrong, you never know, and probably during Hallow's end October 18th to November 2nd.
We removed the mask achievement  from the "Hallowed Be The Name " meta-achievement. This will go live in 3.0.3 

3.0.3 will most likely happen during the event.

If you happen to fulfill all of the criteria with the exception of the 20 mask criteria before that patch goes live the achievement will stay incomplete until the day patch 3.0.3 goes live. As soon as the patch goes live, you'll have the achievement as well as the title.

Now the question is ... What's going to be in the next update ? Classes changes probably, a lot of them. 

Below is a temporary and non-official list of what we MIGHT see in this patch but some of these changes might just be in the expansion, that's why you've got a few of them for Death Knights here. This is a compilation of blue posts made over 2 weeks, some of these changes might already be in game, and some of them have most likely been changed again since the original post. Please don't jump to conclusions based on this list, developers are working a lot on balancing and things are changing very fast. 

If I missed any update, or if some of these changes are already on live servers please report them in comments.
 Death Knight Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9061 
Frigid Dreadplate - We rewrote the spell and the tooltip to be simpler and less confusing. It's now just 1/2/3% less chance to be melee hit. Source 
Tundra Stalker buffs Obliterate and Howling Blast. Adds double expertise. Source 
Acclimation buffs Rune Strike in addition to its normal effects. Source 
Crypt Fever down to 10/20/30%. Source 
And the big one... when you miss, your runes activate in 1 sec instead of 2. This makes misses, dodges and parries a lot less painful. Source 

 Druid Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9061 
Survival Instinct is off the GCD now. Source 
Update on Eclipse. Here is how we changed the talent. It now has a longer cooldown 40 sec and a shorter duration 10 sec but the effects on Wrath and Starfire are doubled. It is overall a buff to the damage to justify the proc-watching aspect. We also hope the longer cooldown and shorter duration will mean it takes less of your bandwidth to do so. Source 
Moonfury and Earth and Moon down to 3 ranks from 5, but keeping the same overall benefit. That buys you 4 extra talent points to get more utility or fun talents. Source 
We're going to leave the Starfire glyph as is for now, since one of the reasons we added it was to buy you back some brain time if you were watching Eclipse too much. Source 
The treant health is still something on the list to look at too. I suspect it just hasn't scaled well. Source 

 Hunter Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9061 
Aspects are now off the GCD. It's true. There will still be a 1 sec cooldown to switch from one aspect to another. Source 
Monkey and Dragonhawk offer 18% dodge now. Source 
Instead of getting new ranks of Hawk at level 75 and 80, you now get the new Aspect of the Dragonhawk. This powerful aspect combines all of the effects of Hawk and Monkey. Any talent or glyph that affects either Hawk or Monkey also affects Dragonhawk the same way. The idea is that you retire Hawk and Monkey at level 75 and go to essentially two Aspects: Dragonhawk for combat and Viper for mana regen. Source 
Ferocious Inspirations is supposed to be raid-wide Source 
Here is the actual Viper change we're going to implement: The per attack mana regeneration has been reduced by 50% but it now generates 4% of maximum mana every 3 sec. In addition, the per attack regeneration now also works on melee attacks. Source 
We probably are going to let Barrage affect Aimed Shot. We looked at Explosive Shot again and its damage seemed like a significant increase over Arcane Shot, but if Survival ends up low, then Explosive is probably where we'll try to make up the difference. Source 

 Mage Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9061 
We think mages are still having mana problems and don't want to reduce Evocation's cooldown anymore. Nor do we want to buff mage armor too much more or using e.g. molten armor seems pointless. Instead, we reduced the mana cost on Fireball, Frostbolt, Frostfire Bolt, Arcane Blast, Arcane Missiles, and Arcane Explosion. Source 
However, we do think the mana cost on Living Bomb is too high, and we'll be lowering it to something more like Arcane Explosion. Source 

 Paladin Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9061 
Art of War -- now affects all damage done by Judgements, Crusader Strike and Divine Storm instead of critical strike damage. Net dps should be about the same but less bursty. This change will be made before Nov 13. Source 
Righteous Vengeance -- now applies a dot affect similar to Deep Wounds instead of critical strike damage. This ends up being a significant buff to the ability to make up for the damage lost to Divine Storm, but is also less bursty. This change will be made before Nov 13. EDIT: The dot will NOT break Repentance. Source 
Glyph of Crusader Strike -- now reduces mana cost instead of increased damage on stunned targets. We thought paladins could stack too much damage vs. stunned targets. This change will be made before Nov 13. Source 
We also fixed a bug with Seal and Judgement of Light that could sometimes result in too much healing. Source 
To be consistent with stances, presences and aspects, paladin auras are now off of the GCD with a 1 sec cooldown. Source 
Righteous Defense -- cooldown lowered to 8 sec. It had been 10 sec recently and is 15 sec on live. Source 
Infusion of Light -- now affects Flash of Light or Holy Light. Flash of Light is reduced to 0 cast time with 2 ranks, meaning that if you're running around and get a Holy Shock crit, you can also Flash without stopping. Source 
Judgements of the Pure -- haste benefit now up to 15% with 5 ranks was 10%. Source 
Enlightened Judgements -- range benefit is now 30 yards with 2 ranks was 20. This means you can judge or heal from the same range without having to run around so much. Source 

 Priest Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9061 
Divine Providence now also reduces the cooldown of Prayer of Mending by 6/12/18/24/30%. With 5 points, it takes PoM from 10 to 7 sec cooldown. Source 
Vampiric Embrace -- we need to nerf it, but we don't want it to be terrible for priests in small groups or solo. So we are going to make it 5% healing to your group not raid but 25% healing to yourself. Assume the talents that affect it get it up to this level. Source 
Vampiric Touch -- we're adding some of the damage adjustment to this spell, by doubling the coefficient from 0.2 to 0.4. Source 
Shadowform -- we're adding the rest of the adjustment here. Your Shadow Word: Pain, Devouring Plague and Vampiric Touch do an additional percentage damage equal to your critical strike chance. Basically if your crit is 25%, your SW:P does 25% more damage. This has the side effect of making crit a little more useful for Shadow priests. Source 
It's dumb that so many of your abilities don't work on vehicles. We'll try to get that fixed. To clarify, magical shadow damage over time effects will work on vehicles. For example, corruption, shadow word pain, vt, and mind flay although the vehicle's movement won't be slowed by the mind flay. Source 
We increased the damage coefficient of Devouring Plague to be similar to other damage over time spells. We also lowered the base damage on ranks 7, 8, and 9 to partially compensate for better scaling. Source 

 Rogue Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9061 
We are going to make a change to Shadow Dance to keep the basic functionality but make the UI ramifications easier. Ideally we'll just let you use the stealth bar. This is a slightly complicated change so it might take some time. In the short term, we are going to make another change. Shadow Dance will no longer increase the cooldown on abilities that can be used only while stealthed. If you have the energy to Ambush three times in a row, go for it. Source 

 Shaman Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9061 
Update on Lava Burst. We ended up buffing the damage by about 10%. You should now have a lot motivation to use it and Flame Shock once you hit level 75. Lightning Bolt isn't going anywhere so you still have your old standby, particularly for 3.0.2 and until you gain a few levels. Source 
Tidal Waves -- Riptide now also procs this effect. Source 
Tidal Waves -- It was changed to get 2 charges. Source 
Riptide -- We're going to increase the initial healing component. Source 
Storm Reach -- now called “Elemental Reach” and includes Lava Burst. Source 
Improved Fire Nova Totem - Increases the damage done by your Fire Nova Totem by 10/20%, and your Fire Nova totem has a 50/100% chance to stun all targets damaged by your Fire Nova Totem for 2 sec. Source 
Thunderstorm -- We will probably boost the mana return to 8% of total mana. That seems more in line with similar effects. We talked a lot about buffing its damage, but decided that may not be a good idea. With its short range, it isn't a great rotational spell for a raiding Elemental shamans, and making you run up to hit a boss and run back is giving up a lot of cast time. Instead we're going to try to keep the damage and knockback more situational in PvP it will get used a lot and make the mana return the big PvE raiding focus. Source 
Maelstrom Weapon -- We have a concern that the proc per minute frequency is too often. According to our numbers, it's balanced for a two-handed weapon and a bit generous for a dual-wielder. However, this would be a nerf to Enhancement dps overall that we'd have to make up elsewhere, and it seems to be a fun change shamans are enjoying. So we're going to let this ride for now. It's something to keep an eye on, but we aren't going to change it yet. Source 
Lava Burst and Lightning Bolt -- And now for a few words on Elemental damage. One of the things we were trying to do to make Elemental dps more interesting was to have a Lava Burst + Flameshock variant. We also themed some new deep talents to support this play style. The problem is that lightning still seems to do more damage than fire, which in turn makes the new talents feel lame because they benefit fire and not lightning. Source 

 Warlock Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9061 
The Felguard magic damage reduction now extends to Holy. I believe this was hotfixed yesterday. Source 
Shadowflame -- We ultimately decided to keep the cone and the dot component, but just the damage. We compared Shadowflame's damage to Cone of Cold, but the latter benefits from a pretty sweet talent and is arguably a little weak-feeling without the talent. Shadowflame has no equivalent talent, so we buffed its damage by about 75%. Source 
Haunt -- In order to give you a wider window in which to renew the spell, we lowered the cooldown to 8 sec. Refreshing Haunt will also trigger the heal from the existing Haunt, so clipping your previous one won't be as big a problem. Source 

 Warrior Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9061 
We are going to change Sudden Death to be based on a chance per hit and not a chance per crit. That shouldn't adversely affect their dps, but will also hopefully keep them from stacking nothing but crit. We do want to see warriors with swords and maces after all. Source 
We are lowering the cooldown on Bloodthirst to 5 sec from 6 and lowering the penalty on Titan's Grip to 12% from 15%. Our hope is that with more BTs and more yellow hits connecting that the excess rage will drain away. The net dps increase will also help Fury catch up to Arms. Source 


Blue posts
New Glyphs
We're going to be adding more glyphs over time, especially for new spells, most of which don't have glyphs yet. Source 

AV Daily Quest completion
This is an issue currently affecting the Alterac Valley PvP daily about which we are aware and working to resolve. Source 

 Hunter Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9061 
Core Hound screen shaking effect
We are going to disable the screen shake once the pet is tamed. Source 

AoTM / AotH efficiency with Dragonhawk Aspect
They are not being reduced in any way, shape or form. The idea is that you no longer ever need to go into Monkey or Hawk at high level. Now, of course that could change if hunters end up being too good for some reason. But we have no upcoming plans to nerf it.

Aspect of the Monkey Dodge % increase
Monkey and Dragonhawk offer 18% dodge now. Source 

 Mage Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9061 
Living Bomb
We still like Living Bomb. We realize not everyone does, and that's cool. Not every spell or ability in the game is going to appeal to everyone and players are constantly re-designing spells into something they'd rather see. However, we do think the mana cost on Living Bomb is too high, and we'll be lowering it to something more like Arcane Explosion. Source 

 Shaman Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9061 
Tidal Waves / Riptide
It was changed to get 2 charges. The Riptide design is still as I stated. You should get these changes sometime between now and Nov 13. Source 

<script src=""></script>