Boubouille2008-10-16, 04:44 PMTwo updates in a day ? Almost feels like christmas !

Echoes of Doom Update
Echoes of Doom, the new World of Warcraft content patch that sets the stage for the upcoming release of Wrath of the Lich King, is now live. The patch brings many changes and additions to the game, including the new achievements system, the inscription profession, changes to class and buff mechanics, new talents, and more.

Since the release of the patch, we have experienced some realm instability as many players logged in to the game for the first time and began to access the new achievement system, resulting in a large amount of data being transferred at once. This led to a variety of issues, including player disconnects and general lag within the game. We have since applied optimizations to improve these issues, and we expect stability to continue to improve in the coming days.

During the initial instability, some players experienced a loss of mounts or pets after attempting to add them to the new mount and pet interface. We have since resolved this issue and will continue to replace lost mounts and pets for players who have experienced this problem.

We also wanted to address the concern some players have expressed over the balance between classes now that the new talents including the new 51-point talents, spells, and abilities are in the game. As with the Before the Storm patch released prior to the launch of The Burning Crusade, many of the changes in Echoes of Doom are intended to act as a bridge to the next expansion and are meant to give players a chance to play with some of the new changes prior to Wrath of the Lich King's release. As such, they have been designed with the 10 additional levels and new gear players will receive in Northrend in mind. While we performed balance testing for level 70 gameplay, our focus was on gameplay beyond level 70. As always, class balancing is an ongoing process, and we will continue to monitor the effects of these new talents, abilities, and spells on the overall game.

We'd like to thank everyone for their patience during this transition, and we look forward to seeing you all in Northrend! 


http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/24x24/paladin.jpg Retribution Paladin Changes
As I stated yesterday, we are happy with Ret's PvE damage and sustatined damage in PvP, but were concerned that the burst damage in PvP could be too high. We discussed this for literally hours yesterday, which was certainly not the first time we have discussed the issue. Thus I hope these changes are not perceived as a knee-jerk reaction, but I am sure that will depend a great deal on which class you play. 

Divine Storm -- the damage was changed from Holy to Physical. As you know, Holy damage is almost never mitigated and this talent could pack a lot into a very short time. This is a nerf to the ability's damage. This change is now active on Live.

Repentance -- this ability now lasts for only 6 seconds in PvP down from 10. Obviously this is also a nerf. This change is also active on Live.

Art of War -- now affects all damage done by Judgements, Crusader Strike and Divine Storm instead of critical strike damage. Net dps should be about the same but less bursty. This change will be made before Nov 13.

Righteous Vengeance -- now applies a dot affect similar to Deep Wounds instead of critical strike damage. This ends up being a significant buff to the ability to make up for the damage lost to Divine Storm, but is also less bursty. This change will be made before Nov 13. EDIT: The dot will NOT break Repentance.

Glyph of Crusader Strike -- now reduces mana cost instead of increased damage on stunned targets. We thought paladins could stack too much damage vs. stunned targets. This change will be made before Nov 13.

We also fixed a bug with Seal and Judgement of Light that could sometimes result in too much healing.

In our tests, Retribution dps remains the same over longer periods of time, but they can't do quite so much damage in the initial few seconds of a PvP encounter.

I know Ret pallies feel a little picked on since we've made this mistake before of having them come out the gate too strong and then had to correct them. For that I do apologize. It's a difficult spec to balance since part of its design is to have large crits and stuns, which have obvious PvP implications. We are pretty confident this will not nerf pallies into the ground as I facetiously promised yesterday, but if we overdid it, we'll be happy to back off some of the changes.

On the other hand, maybe we'll see fewer BGs with 20 paladins on the opposing side and can get some reasonable feedback on all the other classes in the game.

EDIT: To clairfy the new dot will not break Repentance. 


http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/24x24/warlock.jpg Small change to Master Demonologist
The Felguard magic damage reduction now extends to Holy. I believe this was hotfixed yesterday.

Typically we don't change Holy resistance which this is not, but it's consistent with other damage reduction abilities which this is to reduce all magic damage. This should help warlocks stand up to paladins in particular in PvP.