Boubouille2008-10-20, 07:36 AMPatch 3.0.2 - Timbermaw Reputation changes
Patch 3.0.2 made a few changes to the Timbermaw factions and it's now twice as easy to level. Reputation gains for all mobs and quests have been doubled, at level 70 you should get : 

Monsters
Deadwood / Felpaw / Winterfall Furbolgs non-named - 4 Reputation 
Overlord Ror - 12 Reputation
Ragepaw - 20 Reputation
High Chief Winterfall - 8 Reputation
Repeatable Quests
Feathers for Grazle  / Nafien  - 300 Reputation 
Beads for Salfa  - 300 Reputation

Non Repeatable Quests
All non-repeatable quests reputation gains have been doubled as well and now reward 1400 Reputation each. 


 

Leveling your Timbermaw faction to exalted is one of the objective required to complete The Diplomat  / The Diplomat  and getting this Diplomat title might be slightly easier now. 


Official Armory update - Player Calendar
The official armory  has been updated with new features added by patch 3.0.2, including the player calendar! As I write this news this update isn't available yet on the european armory but it will most likely be updated in the next hours/days. 
New Login-Protected Feature: Player Calendar
The Armory now supports the new Player Calendar, one of the new features added to the game in patch 3.0.2: Echoes of Doom. The Player Calendar allows players to create their own events such as raids, arena matches, and guild meetings, and keep track of the many activities in the worlds of Azeroth and Outland.

Every player can access their calendar from the Armory via the new “Calendar” tab that has been added to character profiles. You can browse your calendar in the same way that you can in-game. In addition, you can respond to events through the Armory’s calendar interface – which will then become effective in-game.

Like guild banks, player calendars are a login-protected feature. Before you can access your calendar you will be taken to a separate login screen, similar to the one that displays when attempting to access Account Management. Enter your World of Warcraft account name and password in the fields to access the calendars of the characters on your account. In addition, several changes  have been made to the Armory Login process, including the ability to pin multiple character profiles.

For more information on the Armory’s Player Calendar, refer to our features list  or the Armory Calendar FAQ  For more information on the new Armory login, refer to the Armory Login FAQ  

Player Calendar Interface
The Armory’s new player calendar support allows you to view the in-game calendar of every character on the World of Warcraft account you use. Here are some of the features of the Armory’s player calendar:
The player calendar can be accessed by clicking the new “Calendar” tab on a character profile. Clicking this tab will take you to a login screen, where you will be prompted to enter your World of Warcraft account name and password.
On the top right of the Armory, a notification window appears if you have pending invitations and upcoming events.
Switch between the different characters on your account under the redesigned Options menu on the top right of the Armory. This menu also allows you to select what characters you wish to display in the new drop-down character select menu.
The main calendar interface is similar to as it appears in-game. Click the arrows next to the month name to switch between months. Clicking on an event itself brings up that event’s detailed information window.
An event’s information window contains its name, time, description, and list of invitees as they appear in-game. The right side of the panel displays a tally of classes where the player has a status of either Accepted or Confirmed for that event.
If you are invited to a given event, the date of that event will appear with a large question mark and the buttons to take action on the event will be active. Accept or Decline the invitation to change your status accordingly, or Remove it to remove it from your calendar. These status changes will take effect in-game.
Player-created events display with custom background images befitting the nature of the event. For example, an event for a Black Temple raid displays a picture of Illidan Stormrage.
The “Filters” menu allows you to toggle the display of various categories of recurring events such as battleground holidays and raid resets.

Patch 3.0.2 Changes and Additions
Besides the Player Calendar, many changes have been implemented to reflect the new content and functionality of Patch 3.0.2:
Game mechanic changes: Character profiles and item tooltips should reflect the changes to character and item statistics including the consolidation of bonus spell damage and healing into Spellpower, and the combination of other previously differentiated physical and spell bonuses into a single statistic each.
Character talent trees have been updated to reflect the many changes in 3.0.2, including the new 51-point talents.
Glyphs: The new items associated with the Inscription profession are now searchable in the Armory.
A small assortment of new Honor Rewards has been added to the item database.


Blue posts
Survavibility in Arenas
Survivability is something we're discussing a lot right now. We've heard from many players that burst damage feels really high and that healing might not even be that useful at the moment. We're seeing lots of Arena teams with all dps at all. That is an interesting option and we don't want to make it impossible to play that style, but we wonder if the pendulum has swung too far in that direction. If it has, and it's too soon to know, we first want to address that on the damage side of things rather than individually buffing every class to provide more survivability. Source 

New Glyphs
Yup. We want it to be exciting when a new glyph for a big ability is finally available. We also didn't make many glyphs for new abilities because we thought the glyphs wouldn't feel interesting -- when you get a new ability and immediately glpyh it, then it feels like that's just the way the ability works all the time.

Eventually, we expect there will be many glyphs and multiples for some of the same abilities and you'll have to put some thought into which ones you want. Source 

C'thun kill achievement
You'll receive credit for the Husk of the Old god in 3.0.3. Just hang onto it for a couple of weeks. Source 

 Druid Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Lifebloom nerf
Even if you only consider PvE, the reason we changed Lifebloom, as I have said before, was it became the correct answer to any situation a Resto druid found themselves in. All the other healing tools became niche at best, or avoided at worst, if they couldn't be fit around a rotation of rolling Lifebloom.

If Resto healing begins to fall down in PvP or PvE, then Lifebloom is somewhere we might make that back up. But we don't have a lot of evidence yet that that is happening. Source 

 Hunter Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Loque'nahak low spawn rate Spirit Beast 
In case it's not obvious, we added that creature and let it be tamable as a challenge for dedicated hunters. One of the things we hear from hunters often is that some of them liked the old-school gameplay of having to work really hard for a rare pet that would garner lots of attention. With so many new pets available, we didn't think it would be a problem to have one that was relatively difficult to tame. He doesn't provide a huge dps increase, so there shouldn't be a need to tame him. Source 

Aspect of the Viper : Not enough regeneration in PvE ? 
We did make the change largely to help hunters in PvP. We thought PvE hunters might notice a decrease, but since hunters seem to consistently be at the top of everyone's dps meters, we haven't made a huge effort to buff it for PvE.

Don't misunderstand me -- I'm not saying we want the design to be that you do great dps for 10 sec and then go OOM. We just want to see how things are going to stack up a little more. It's entirely possible we'll be able to boost Viper's passive or active regen for PvE but nerf dps in some other way. It's a little hard IMO to evaluate Viper at 70 in PvE at the moment because stuff is dying so fast that running out of mana doesn't seem to be a major factor. Source 

 Mage Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Arcane / Fire / Frost DPS differences in PvE
Now, if you're just spamming damage against a target dummy, our suspicion is that Fire will win. On a fight like Brutallus, Fire will do more damage. Arcane makes up for that with mobility and mana. On fights with a lot of running around, M'uru maybe, Arcane's dps should be higher. Arcane will probably require more skill because of it. Frost is intended to be a little low to make up for the snares and freezes it can offer. But it shouldn't be so much lower that Frost mages stay in PvP and don't raid. Source 

 Paladin Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Retribution paladin nerf
We don't nerf anyone due to public outcry. If we did, there would probably be 1-2 classes left that were even PvP viable. : At most seeing a lot of QQ about one class might get us to look at the numbers to see if there is any truth to the matter. However I will say that in this case there were so many people telling us the same thing that it's hard to come up with an explanation for how they can all be wrong and some of the Ret paladins be right. I say "some" because several Ret paladins admit they were killing stuff to fast.

We collect a lot of data from both Beta and the live servers, and Ret paladins were killing people very quickly and often, especialy at level 70. Even after the nerfs, they are still very good at 70.

It's never fun to nerf anyone and we know the boards are going to be on fire for several days when we do it. It's our fault that the imbalance existed in the first place and we needed to take steps to correct it. Players are understandably nervous about the new world order with all of the changes we've made to classes and combat. Most of them, I am confident, want to see balance problems fixed quickly. Source 

Holy Paladins DPS increase
Holy's dps does seem low and it is something we're discussing, since as you pointed out, other healers got a nice dps boost. Getting a Seal / Judgement system we liked was a more pressing design change, but now we think we can go back and figure out how to help a Holy paladin who wants to do decent dps especially when soloing or when healing isn't needed. Source 

 Shaman Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Spirit Wolves pet action bars issues spells casted twice, settings not being saved between summons
Unfortunately, this is just the way pet bars work. If you recall, we resisted even putting bars on temporary pets for a long time because the system wasn't designed to work that way. We do have plans to fix it, but it requires new code, and we didn't think it was worth holding the release of the expansion until we got this changed. Source 

Elemental tree balancing and lack of AOE
We have spent more time on Elemental over the past few days than maybe any other spec I know that quote is going to come back to haunt me. We want to make sure the spells are doing what they're supposed to at 70 and 80. We do think fire makes all the difference at 80, but we're going to go back and make sure that opinion is grounded.

One concern that I think is legitimate and that we would like to fix is Elemental's lack of AE. We realize that players will likely compare Elemental to warlocks and mages. Since Elemental isn't going to do higher single target dps than those casters, it's pretty crummy for Elemental's AE to be so dreadfully below theirs. I can't promise we'll be able to fix it in the next few days, but we will solve that problem. Source 

 Warlock Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Soul Shards
We like the mechanic of having to harvest a special reagent for some spells. We don't even think the spells are a big problem, with the possible exception of summoning a lot of people and we are working on an idea for that last part.

Where shards really fall down IMHO is in the inventory management. We want them to be limited, but the way we handle that now feels a little old school, like inventory Tetris in Diablo. We do have a few ideas on how we want to fix it, but obviously I don't have a big announcement to make on the subject yet or I would have made it already. Source 

 Warrior Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Protection Tree and DPS warriors
We're happy with the state of Prot now and even happier that warriors seem to like the spec. But I don't want to leave the impression it's because Prot warriors argued for changes in the right way or somehow whined correctly.

One of our goals coming into LK was to "fix" tanking. This included a lot of changes --
-- Making sure threat wasn't so frustrating, especially AE threat
-- Making sure all 4 tanks could handle the same encounters
-- Make sure tanks who were missing key tools got them I realize the word "key" is open to interpretation
-- Making sure tanks could upgrade their gear in a reasonable fashion
-- Making sure tanks didn't have to spend all of their talents on pure mitigation
-- Making sure tanks weren't so terrible in PvP or solo situations

By contrast, the dps specs didn't feel broken overall, although there were individual problems with many of them that we did attempt to address. DPS was something fun in the game that continues to attract a lot of different players and classes.

With regard to dps warriors, a few of these changes were --
-- Make sure they could tank a normal 5-player dungeon
-- Give them both viable PvE and PvP roles
-- Make the Arms tree about something other than Mortal Strike
-- Make Battle Stance a little sexier
-- Make sure mobilty didn't just belong to one spec
-- Try and get warriors to care more about plate
-- Make warriors a little less reliant on "pocket healers" Source 


Dark Legacy Comic #161
Dark Legacy Comic #161  is now available.


 