Boubouille2008-09-16, 08:30 AMReminder - Team Passes for MLG Dallas WoW 3v3 Tournament  on October 3rd - 5th are now available ! You can buy them here  !

Build 8926 Raid Dungeon Loot Update
The Naxxramas 25 / Raid Dungeons Loot List  has been updated with many new items from Naxxramas and The Obsidian Sanctum hard mode. Below are today's addition :

Mounts - Reins of the Black Drake , Reins of the Twilight Drake 
Weapons - Spell - MH Sword - Life and Death , Bow - Arrowsong , Physical - 1H Dagger - Twilight Mist , Wand - Touch of Horror , Held in Off-hand - Matriarch's Spawn 
Cloak - Tank - Chamber of Aspects 10 Bonus Loot 1 Tank Cloak , Phys. DPS - Aged Winter Cloak 
Plate - Tank - Waist - Ablative Chitin Girdle , Phys. DPS - Waist - Girdle of Chivalry , Phys. DPS - Hands - Crude Discolored Battlegrips , Spell - Legs - Legguards of the Apostle , Spell - Helm - Faceguard of the Succumbed , Spell - Waist - Chamber of Aspects 10 Bonus Loot 1 Paladin Healer Belt , Spell - Wrist - Abetment Bracers 
Mail - Phys. DPS - Legs - Leggings of Failed Escape , Phys. DPS - Shoulder - Shoulderpads of Secret Arts , Spell - Feet - Chamber of Aspects 10 Bonus Loot 2 Shaman Boots , Spell - Shoulder - Spaulders of Incoherence 
Leather - Phys. DPS - Chest - Chamber of Aspects 10 Bonus Loot 1 Rogue Chest , Phys. DPS - Shoulder - Spaulders of Egotism , Phys. DPS - Head - Cover of Silence , Spell - Wrist - Esteemed Bindings 
Cloth - Shoulder - Mantle of the Locusts , Head - Chamber of Aspects 10 Bonus Loot 2 Priest Helm , Wrist - Bindings of Yearning 
Rings - Phys. DPS - Chamber of Aspects 10 Bonus Loot 2 Melee Ring 
Neck - Spell - Chamber of Aspects 10 Bonus Loot 1 Healer Neck , Spell - Ousted Bead Necklace 
Others - Sigil - Sigil of the Remembered Fallen , Totem - Totem of Misery , Totem - Totem of Dueling 
Shield - Royal Crest of Lordaeron 





 Upcoming Priest racial changes
In an upcoming build all Priest racials have been retired, except the following:

Desperate Prayer - This is now the 11-point talent in Holy, Holy Nova is now a base ability. Cooldown also reduced to 30 seconds.
Devouring Plague - Now a base ability. Cooldown reduced to 30 seconds, mana cost greatly reduced.
Symbol of Hope - Now a base ability. Now restores 5% base mana every 2 seconds for 8 seconds to your party. Renamed "Hymn of Hope."



While this change does reduce the "uniqueness" of different Priests, we feel game balance as a whole will benefit.

Note: These new "racials" are not racials, they are trainable to all Priests. 


Blue posts
Some of these posts are a few days old, but we didn't have to report them on the front page sooner. I'm sure you didn't notice anyway !
[b] Mount Achievement
Mount Achievement on the way. Reward for the highest level of the achievement is a unique mount. Source 

Naxxramas "removed" in Patch 3.0.2
Naxxramas will be moving to Dragonblight with the release of 3.0.2. If you want to do anything with the current 40 player level 60 version of the raid dungeon, do it before 3.0.2 is released. Source 

WotLK Release date and end of beta
The Beta is not ending soon. Source 

Weapon leveling on Blasted Lands demons
When the next patch releases, you will no longer be able to gain weapon or defense skill while fighting the Servant of Allistarj, Servant of Grol, Servant of Razelikh, and Servant of Sevine. Source 

Upcoming changes to Dalaran
The last bits of flying design work are in and you should see it in the next push. We have removed the rocks floating around the city from the dismount zone. The rules are still the same as I explained in my last post. Please test it out and let us know if you find anything unusual.
The target dummies are going to be moved to a more reasonable area of the sewer. Right now they are smack dab in the middle of the dueling area and it just creates too much congestion.
We have plans to expands the The Violet Citadel in future patches after we launch Northrend. There is a reason why we put so many doors in there. 
Zidormi will offer players a portal directly to the Caverns of Time from within The Violet Citadel. No requirements on the port this time either.



No plan to bring 8-piece sets back in the game
The reason we moved away from 8 piece sets into the new 5 piece sets was lack of choice. When you have to have every piece of your set equipped for set bonuses it takes away from any decision making process in terms of what to wear.

When we decided we didn't like what 8 piece sets had become we started talking about what pieces would be ideal to pull from the set. The bracers were the first to go, at that point though it didn't make any sense to have a 7 piece set so we cut out the belt as well since it's not a very visual piece. Since we wanted the set bonuses to be attainable while still having some degree of choice to be made we pulled the boots as well in order to make the sets 5 pieces with 2 and 4 piece bonuses. This way players could maintain their set bonuses while still having a lot of customization in gear selection.

All that said, 8 piece bonuses have seen their day and there is no plan to bring them back. Source 

Items with identical stats in Naxxramas
Very useful post, thanks for taking the time to write it up. Items with identical stats are an over sight on my behalf. I tried to make as much variation between items as possible, when there is as much itemization as there is in Naxxramas inevitably some things will get recreated unintentionally. As for MP5 on cloth I'll take a look at that some more, a lot of this was made when a lot of the class talents and abilities etc were still in flux.

Great post and thanks again, I've corrected all the instances of duplicate itemization. Source 

Tanking classes in WotLK
1 You should only face instagib problems when you can be crit since bosses no longer crush targets 3 levels lower than them. The fact that 3 of the tank classes are having trouble being uncrittable by Naxx is something we're look into. Druids can be uncrittable through talents.

2 DKs will probably have lower armor than warriors and possibly health as well. Their avoidance will almost certainly be higher to compensate for the lack of block. DK situational abilities are better than warrior ones. We want to keep these differences as much as possible without gimping anyone. Everyone realizes that a 95% avoidance tank with 10K health is not going to be an effective tank, nor is one that is so dependent on cooldowns that he dies when the cooldowns aren't up.

3 If you are having threat issues, that is concerning. We are trying to get away from +threat modifiers on abilities because they don't scale well with with gear. For those we're keeping like Sunder Armor the threat scales with AP. The ideal design is something closer to the paladin, where threat scales off of damage really well. If the DK dps is too low, that would certainly account for lower threat as well. We don't want to have a lot of variance in threat on tanks. It's hard to balance and not really much fun to have low threat tanking classes.

Bottom line: the design is that the 4 tank classes are roughly equal in their ability to survive and maintain threat, while preserving whatever differences among them that we can manage. Source 

Tanking classes in WotLK
There is no reason to bring a druid over a warrior. Not if we do our jobs right. There is no reason to bring a warrior over a druid either. We want you to get a tank. We don't want you sidelining your X tank while you are trying hard to recruit a Y tank.

Bring the tank with the best gear or the most skill. Bring the guy that always shares consumables or can make every raid. Bring the dude who doesn't complain or researches boss strategies or finds great new people to join your group. Don't bring a player because his class has the magic button for a boss fight; if we do our jobs right, there won't be any. Source 

 Death Knight Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8926 
Improved Icy Talons & Ranged Attack Speed
Improved Icy Talons will affect ranged attack speed. Source 

Death Coil and Frost Strike
I think regardless of what we do with DK dps overall, that Death Coil and Frost Strike need to feel like they are worth the button push. You should be excited when you finally have enough runic power for Death Coil. That isn't happening right now. Source 

Why no Blood/Unholy or Blood/Frost skills ?
Almost every DK needs to use Plague Strike U and Icy Touch F. That means you can't add a BU unless you also had a BF or you'd be left with an orphan F or U and nothing to do with it but another Plague Strike or Icy Touch.

We considered the model where you had BUs and BFs and BBs and whatever, but we already needed to make a base rotation and variants for Blood, Frost and Unholy, and make all the abilities in there feel fun and useful and we're not even done with that part of it. Source 

Ghoul Changes
Raise Dead -- 2 minute duration. 5 minute cooldown. Summons a guardian no pet bar.

Ravenous Dead -- extends duration passively
Night of the Dead -- lowers cooldown actively
Master of Ghouls -- the summoned ghoul is a pet instead of a guardian. This means he gets a cute name, a pet bar, and there is no duration to the ability. If your ghoul is killed, you will have to wait for the cooldown before bringing him back.

But your rotting little friend will stick around forever if you can keep him alive. Source 

Ravenous Dead
We are going to rework Ravenous Dead to not affect the duration. The thinking is that only deep Unholy really cares about ghoul duration and he has Master of Ghouls anyway.

The new Ravenous Dead will provide a bonus to the stat conversion from you to your ghoul, so it should scale pretty well with gear. Other specs can still take it for a ghoul boost, but Unholy won't have a talent that gets less useful with Master of Ghouls. Source 

Death Knight Tanking
We did a big comparison recently between tanks in Naxx 10 gear with appropriate talents. I referenced this recently in the druid forums.

DK armor ended up being within 3% of warrior and paladin armor. Avoidance is high, as you can probably guess, and we don't want to boost it a lot higher, because avoidance-based tanks can have problems when that hit does get through. Health was a little low, though still within 10%, and that's something we are looking into buffing. DKs also ended up with low expertise, which is a problem, because failing to land an early strike can throw everything out of whack. Other tanks can get expertise fairly deeply in their trees. We might adjust DK trees to make sure expertise is available for more than just Blood. It's hard to pin good numbers on mitigation abilities with cooldowns. If you assume that Icebound Fortitude is up 20% of the time, then it's comparable to warrior damage reduction on physical hits and AMS ends up being slightly better on magical hits. But warriors always have their damage reduction on, so it's either a wash or slightly better for warriors. Scaling is still a little hard to evaluate at this stage: warriors gain more block with strength and DKs gain more parry.

We haven't finished dps tests yet. If dps is low, as many of you suppose, then threat will likely be low too because DKs don't have a lot of +threat modifiers. But that's a whole other issue. Low threat tanks aren't fun and we wouldn't want to ship one in that state.

Another point worthy of note is that except for the druid who can be uncrittable in any gear, all the plate-wearing tanks could not get to the defense "cap" without gemming for defense. If you feel like you're getting two-shotted by bosses, you might look at your defense. We don't intend for leveling instances to require a hefty investment in defense you should be able to go with whatever quest gear you acquire but you'll want more for the end-game dungeons and certainly for heroics and raids.

The thing limiting runeforging from being really cool, in our opinion, is new art. At this stage in development, new art is pretty expensive to get, so that might be something we leave for the next patch. Source 

 Druid Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8926 
Deep Restoration talents
We are still playing with deep Resto a little. One of the concerns for us, though probably not you! is that with all the tree talents and some decent Spirit that druids never run out of mana. Source 

Balance druids
We're talking about a talent to give you a Spirit-converts-into-something ability. We don't want to add a new talent though, so we'd likely bundle it or replace an existing one. Source 

Feral Q&A
Please pass us some further details as to what other tanking talents/abilities we will be given to help cover the differences between feral tanking and humanoid tanking. 
We have to be careful here. Our goal is to make sure all the tanks can do the job, so we want to make sure we don't give druids an ability that will push them over the edge. Druids were really good tanks in BC, especially near the end of the content. I don't feel that we are having to make up a huge deficit. I understand you want to have more buttons to push, but compared to BC you now have new cooldowns like Berserk and Barkskin, and some old groaners like Tiger's Fury and Frenzied Regeneration actually do something cool now. 

Please point out how our dps will be tuned to match rogue dps. 
We'll eventually figure out how much lower cat dps is than rogue dps, and then we will change some druid abilities to use bigger numbers. It's possible we will buff a couple of talents, especially ones that we suspect you're likely to already be getting. But mostly we do it through tweaking core abilities like Shred and Mangle. 

Please explain how shifting cost and mana consumption will work with rogue gear in pvp/pve/soloing. 
Feral mana seems to have taken a big hit. We have some thoughts on how to adjust it. 

Please explain what will occur with older content fights where druids could not tank due to a missing ability. 
Maybe Illidan will forget how to Shear. Is that what you're talking about? 

Please explain if our tanking and dps will scale as we go to harder 25 man content. 
Yes, they will. By definition, percentages scale and flat numbers do not. You have a lot of percentages in your talents. There has been a lot of discussion about whether Mother Bear is a scaling talent or not, and I'm not sure I'm eager to enter into that debate again. But we have designed the talents to scale. One of the problems to your mitigation scaling was just hitting the upper limit of armor. Armor and avoidance will be much harder to cap out now. 

 Hunter Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8926 
Pet scaling with AP / Cobra Reflexes
All pet attacks scale with AP now, which is not reflected correctly in the tooltips. We have a plan to make smarter tooltips for characters too in a Lich King patch. You will probably do more damage than the tooltips suggest, but you should be used to that because almost all character attacks do the same thing.

Cobra Reflexes has always been somewhat confusing, but it ends up being a dps increase. I'm not sure why your attack speed seems to be fluctuating. We'll look into that. Source 

Pet leveling
We like pet leveling as a feature, but I agree that the time it takes has grown out of control, possibly because killing mobs doesn't provide the same percentage of your hunter's experience as it used to. We'll try to get it fixed. Source 

Pet changes update See this post 
We are trying to get Heart of the Phoenix to work in a more useful fashion. We also have a plan to make the pet bars much more customizable. You should be allowed to remove any button you don't use a lot, Stay or Aggressive perhaps, but put it on again like any other attack.

I edited my previous comment for clarity: Cats get Prowl, Bite and Rake. They're special that way, but they've been head and shoulders above a lot of pets for a long time, so we didn't want you to abandon them on the side of the road and contribute to the stray cat population. Source 

Pet and Master sharing hit %
We do have a plan to let pets use the hunter or warlock's hit. Certain talents would need to be adjusted to reflect this change. Source 

 Mage Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8926 
Spirit and Mages
We're still discussing Spirit and Mages actually. I don't mean to imply purely out of FSR regen either. We're thinking about Spirit on Mage gear, and also talents that benefit from Spirit. Source 

 Paladin Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8926 
Holy Paladin PvP Gear
The set bonus wasn't intended to be changed to Hand of Justice and has been reverted to the Holy Shock bonus. Also I am in the process of changing the MP5 to Crit for the holy paladin set. I just updated the Gladiator pieces to Crit from MP5. I'm going to leave the honor pieces alone. Between those and assorted other pvp items you should be covered Source 

 Shaman Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8926 
Windfury not proccing properly on beta realms
Fixed for next build. Source 

Maelstrom Weapon
We're going to be doing something similar to that soon combat text alert, also changing it so that it has a chance to proc from crits each rank so 20/40/60/80/100%. That way if you get 1-4 ranks of the talent you can still get an instant cast Source 

Shaman Elemental PvP Set bonus
Thank you for bringing this to my attention. The shaman elemental set bonus has been changed to cooldown reduction on Grounding Totem. Source 

 Warlock Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8926 
Chaos Bolt damage increased
Damage is being boosted in the next build. Source 

Pet and Master sharing hit %
We do have a plan to let pets use the hunter or warlock's hit. Certain talents would need to be adjusted to reflect this change. Source 

Pet and upcoming talent changes
We've increased the scaling of pets for this expansion. All pets have avoidance -80% AOE damage, and we increased the numbers on several pets. If we feel they're too squishy, we can increase the scaling. The pet should not be invincible.
Master Conjurer, Improved Voidwalker, Improved Succubus and Improved Health Funnel are all being tweaked in an upcoming build, if that's what you meant.
Haunt is useless? Metamorphosis is useless? The weaker of the three would probably be Chaos Bolt, which will now be the Destruction Warlock's highest damage/DPS spell in a future build. So I beg to differ with that spell being called "useless" now. 
We feel DoTs scale well for the Affliction Warlock now with Pandemic. If we made haste effect DoTs it would have to reduce the duration of the DoT, which would be a nightmare for DPS rotation/gameplay. Haste still benefits the affliction warlock because of Shadow Bolt, Haunt, UA, and the global cooldown reduction. 
Soulshards on active combat abilities is intended
Some changes to the Glyphs are upcoming, but this seems like "grass is greener" to me. 
About Demonic Sacrifice The talent is there to serve when using a pet is not an option. I think it still serves that purpose, though I agree those situations are becoming more rare. 
Grossly overpowered is a bit extreme, but we would like to do a pass of the dispel system in the future. Source 



 Warrior Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8926 
Fury Warrior DPS lower than rogue's 
If your dps is 15% lower than a rogue, we're not going to make up for that difference by buffing a single talent to account for such a big proportion of your dps. More than likely we would handle this through adjusting the damage on higher ranks of abilities, improving base stats or stat conversions, or possibly even changing stance or rage mechanics. We could also lower the rogue dps through similar adjustments. It's not always easy to determine whether class A needs to be buffed to catch class B, or if class B needs to be nerfed. Source 

Prot warrior DPS
I don't think we have enough data to give you a solid answer to this yet. Here are some things to consider.

-- Prot warrior damage, at least while tanking, seems a lot closer to bear damage. This is a good thing for both classes. It obviously helps Prot warriors, but it also means we don't have to take away from bears in other places to balance for them being the "high damage" tank.

-- However, even though Prot and Feral bear may be close, we don't know yet if those two are too low or high overall. We also don't know if they are too high or low when not tanking in tank gear, when tanking in non-tank gear, or when dps'ing in non-tank gear. There are a lot of variables in play. :

-- Prot warrior dps seems either low or acceptable when not tanking. However, this may be because Prot warriors are still rage starved. That isn't a great balance mechanic and also means that if we fix rage starvation, their dps may be too good.

-- Design-wise, we can make Prot dps a lot more competitive to Arms and Fury. However, until we reach a point where Arms and Fury can be great tanks, Prot's dps probably needs to stay below them. Hopefully "below" can mean 15-20% below them instead of the 30-60% below them that it can sometimes be on Live. Source 

If Prot dps is near or exceeding Arms or Fury dps, we'll have to decide whether to nerf Prot or buff the others. It isn't the intent that Prot be the best dps tree, though we do want it to be a lot closer than it is on live. Source 

Titan's Grip
Totally agree that TG needs to be a dps increase. I think it's only the scale of the increase that's in question.

We went away from a damage penalty, because then it felt like you were just DW one-handed weapons with different art. We didn't want TG's bonus to be the stat allocation from a 2H weapon.

And I also agree that warrior scaling makes them very difficult to balance. They tend to be too weak with bad gear and too good with good gear.

While we do want to get away a little from the RNG nature of some aspects of combat, if you carry your argument to its logical conclusion, we should just get rid of the concept of hit because missing is RNG and isn't fun. Weapon hit would be over the top if say you missed 3 out of 4 hits and then hit once for 4x normal damage. While that still can happen because of the nature of probability, it's more likely that you'll hit a lot and miss a little. That level of RNG we can live with, especially since we let hit be one of the few stats you can hit the cap on. Source 