Boubouille2008-09-18, 11:34 AMYou're getting used to it, we'll do a separate post for new items in this build. There are a LOT of new items and this is only the beginning. Items screenshots have been changed and should look nicer now. ^^

Update 09/20
01:15 CET - Greatstaff of the Nexus , Hailstorm , Ice Spire Scepter  added to The Eye of Eternity 10 Players

Update 09/19
19:25 CET - Update with item rewards from The Eye of Eternity. 
18:45 CET - All armor sets from Naxxramas 10 and 25 players have been updated. Some of them have been updated with new models, set bonuses have been added for Naxxramas 10 set. 25 Players set are also using this set but we'll assume that's just a placeholder
18:30 CET - Trinket screenshot updated with a few missing raid trinkets and all trinkets from lvl 78+ Dungeons.
18:00 CET - Raids & Dungeons back to the top of the page ! 11 Epic items from heroic instances added, 4 weapons from Kel'thuzad 25 Players added, 4 items from other Nax 25 bosses added.
17:00 CET - Addition of Savage Gladiator armor sets. 
16:35 CET - Wintergrasp Commendation  added to bound to account "Heirloom" items. 
16:30 CET - Avool's Sword of Jin , Namlak's Supernumerary Sticker , Wapach's Spaulders of Solidarity  added to BOE Epics
16:00 CET - Hateful Gladiator and Savage Gladiator weapons added. 

Update 09/18
21:00 CET - Arena Gear moved on top of the page, All deadly gladiator ilvl 213 weapons added !
19:50 CET - Re-added mounts section, screenshots added for Mechano-Hog , Wooly Mammoth , Armored Snow Gryphon , Armored Brown Bear , Grand Caravan Mammoth , Mount Vendor 
18:50 CET - Added new Raids & Dungeon drops, BOE Epic items, and Arena Gear.
16:40 CET - New Heirloom items added.
15:00 CET - Most of the professions updated. 
14:05 CET - Fixed some bad links, updated stats for raids & dungeons trinkets. 
13:50 CET - Professions sections added, Shoulder and Helm enchantments added to faction rewards. 
13:35 CET - Addition of Faction rewards. 




Raids & Dungeons

The Eye of Eternity
This instance in Coldarra will let you fight against Malygos, the items below are the items and the quest rewards you will get after defeating him with 10 and 25 players.

25 Players
Neck - Favor of the Dragon Queen 
Neck - Wyrmrest Necklace of Power  
Neck - Nexus War Champion Beads 
Neck - Life-Binder's Locket 
10 Players
Staff - Greatstaff of the Nexus 
1H Sword - Hailstorm 
MH Mace - Ice Spire Scepter 
Neck - Torque of the Red Dragonflight 
Neck - Drakescale Collar 
Neck - Chain of the Ancient Wrym 
Neck - Pendant of the Dragonsworn 


Heroic Dungeons
All the items below drop from heroic version of instances unlocked this build, we'll sort them by instance shortly.

2H Axe - Colossal's Skull-Clad Cleaver 
Dagger - Melee - The Fleshshaper 
Staff - Feral - Staff of Trickery 
Plate - Spell - Waist - Sjonnir's Girdle 
Plate - Phys. DPS - Wrist - Bands of the Stoneforge  
Plate - Legs - Bolstered Legplates 
Mail - Phys. DPS - Hands - Handgrips of the Savage Emissary 
Mail - Phys. DPS - Legs - Leggings of the Stone Halls 
Leather - Phys. DPS - Wrist - Advanced Tooled-Leather Bands 
Cloth - Wrist - Azure Cloth Bindings 
Cloth - Legs - Wolven Bracae Leggings 

Naxxramas 25 Update
A few items from Naxxramas we didn't news earlier.

Kel'thuzad
Gun - Envoy of Mortality 
Dagger - Sinister Revenge  
Shield - Voice of Reason 
Shield - Wall of Terror 

Other bosses
1H Sword - Silent Crusader  Updated Model 
Dagger - Murder 
Plate - Phys. DPS - Hands - Zeliek's Gauntlets 
Cloth - Hands - Gloves of Grandeur 

Naxxramas 10/25 Players Armor Sets
 Death Knight
Nax-25 Death Knight DPS 
Nax-25 Death Knight Tank  
Nax-10 Death Knight DPS 
Nax-10 Death Knight Tank 

 Druid
Nax-25 Druid Healer 
Nax-25 Druid Melee 
Nax-25 Druid Nuker 
Nax-10 Druid Healer 
Nax-10 Druid Melee 
Nax-10 Druid Nuker 

 Hunter
Nax-25 Hunter 
Nax-10 Hunter 

 Mage 
Nax-25 Mage 
Nax-10 Mage 

 Paladin 
Nax-25 Paladin DPS 
Nax-25 Paladin Healer  
Nax-25 Paladin Tank 
Nax-10 Paladin DPS 
Nax-10 Paladin Healer 
Nax-10 Paladin Tank 

 Priest
Nax-25 Priest Healer 
Nax-25 Priest Nuker 
Nax-10 Priest Healer 
Nax-10 Priest Nuker 

 Rogue 
Nax-25 Rogue 
Nax-10 Rogue 

 Shaman
Nax-25 Shaman Healer 
Nax-25 Shaman Melee 
Nax-25 Shaman Nuker 
Nax-10 Shaman Healer 
Nax-10 Shaman Melee 
Nax-10 Shaman Nuker 

 Warlock
Nax-25 Warlock 
Nax-10 Warlock 

 Warrior 
Nax-25 Warrior DPS 
Nax-25 Warrior Tank 
Nax-10 Warrior DPS 
Nax-10 Warrior Tank 


Chamber of Aspect Drops
Not really new actually, Chamber of Aspects items renamed to something ... Better. 
Cloak - Tank - Gale-Proof Cloak 
Plate - Phys. DPS - Head - Obsidian Greathelm 
Plate - Spell - Waist - Remembrance Girdle 
Plate - Tank - Chest - Dragonstorm Breastplate 
Mail - Spell - Feet - Sabatons of Firmament 
Mail - Phys. DPS - Chest - Chestguard of Flagrant Prowess  
Mail - Phys. DPS - Shoulder - Upstanding Spaulders 
Leather - Phys. DPS - Chest - Blade-Scarred Tunic 
Leather - Spell - Head - Headpiece of Reconciliation 
Cloth - Head - Enarmored Cowl 
Cloth - Wrist - Unsullied Cuffs 
Neck - Spell - Volitant Amulet 
Ring - Phys. DPS - Greating of Collision 

BoE Epic Items
1H Sword - Melee - Avool's Sword of Jin 
Dagger - Melee - Namlak's Supernumerary Sticker 
Shield - Spell - Zom's Crackling Bulwark 
Plate - Shoulder - Wapach's Spaulders of Solidarity 
Cloth - Waist - Sash of Jordan 

Trinkets - Updated Stats
Before this patch, trinkets dropping in raids and dungeons didn't have any stats, this is now fixed. 


Illustration of the Dragon Soul  
Grim Toll 
Fury of the Five Flights 
Forethought Talisman 
Repelling Charge 
Majestic Dragon Figurine 
Defender's Code 
Mirror of Truth 
Dying Curse 
Loatheb's Shadow 
Embrace of the Spider 
Spirit-World Glass 
Sundial of the Exiled 
The Egg of Mortal Essence 
Valor Medal of the First War 
Seal of the Pantheon 
Sphere of Red Dragon's Blood 
Lavanthor's Talisman 
Essence of Gossamer 
Vestige of Haldor 
Tome of Arcane Phenomena 
Soul Preserver 
Pendulum of Telluric Currents 
Meteorite Whetstone 




Arena Gear
Armor Sets - ilvl 200 Rare
The armor used for higher quality sets Deadly Gladiator and Hateful Gladiator uses the same model, just like the weapons only the color will change slightly. 

 Death Knight
Savage Gladiator - Death Knight 

 Druid
Savage Gladiator - Druid Healer 
Savage Gladiator - Druid Melee 
Savage Gladiator - Druid Nuker 

 Hunter
Savage Gladiator - Hunter 

 Mage
Savage Gladiator - Mage 

 Paladin
Savage Gladiator - Paladin Melee  
Savage Gladiator - Paladin Spell 

 Priest
Savage Gladiator - Priest Healer 
Savage Gladiator - Priest Nuker 

 Rogue
Savage Gladiator - Rogue 

 Shaman
Savage Gladiator - Shaman Healer 
Savage Gladiator - Shaman Melee 
Savage Gladiator - Shaman Nuker 

 Warlock
Savage Gladiator - Warlock 

 Warrior
Savage Gladiator - Warrior 


Arena Weapons - ilvl 213
Gun - Deadly Gladiator's Rifle 
Bow - Deadly Gladiator's Longbow 
Crossbow - Deadly Gladiator's Heavy Crossbow  
Polearm - Deadly Gladiator's Pike 
2H Axe - Deadly Gladiator's Decapitator 
1H Axe - Deadly Gladiator's Waraxe 
1H Axe - Deadly Gladiator's Chopper 
1H Axe - Deadly Gladiator's Cleaver 
1H Axe - Deadly Gladiator's Hacker 
Staff - Deadly Gladiator's Staff 
Staff - Deadly Gladiator's Battle Staff 
Staff - Deadly Gladiator's Energy Staff 
Staff - Deadly Gladiator's War Staff 
Staff - Deadly Gladiator's Focus Staff 
1H Sword - Deadly Gladiator's Quickblade 
1H Sword - Deadly Gladiator's Slicer 
2H Sword - Deadly Gladiator's Greatsword 
Dagger - Deadly Gladiator's Shanker 
Dagger - Deadly Gladiator's Shiv 
Dagger - Deadly Gladiator's Mutilator 
Dagger - Deadly Gladiator's Spellblade 
1H Mace - Deadly Gladiator's Pummeler 
1H Mace - Deadly Gladiator's Bonecracker 
1H Mace - Deadly Gladiator's Gavel 
2H Mace - Deadly Gladiator's Bonegrinder 
Fist Weapon - Deadly Gladiator's Left Render 
Fist Weapon - Deadly Gladiator's Left Ripper 
Fist Weapon - Deadly Gladiator's Right Ripper 
Shield - Deadly Gladiator's Barrier 
Shield - Deadly Gladiator's Shield Wall 
Shield - Deadly Gladiator's Redoubt 
Wand - Deadly Gladiator's Baton of Light 
Wand - Deadly Gladiator's Touch of Defeat 
Wand - Deadly Gladiator's Piercing Touch 
Thrown - Deadly Gladiator's War Edge 
Held in Off-hand - Deadly Gladiator's Endgame 
Held in Off-hand - Deadly Gladiator's Grimoire 
Held in Off-hand - Deadly Gladiator's Reprieve 
Idols - Deadly Gladiator's Idols 
Librams - Deadly Gladiator's Librams 
Totem - Deadly Gladiator's Totems 
Sigil - Deadly Gladiator's Sigils 

Arena Weapons - ilvl 200 - Epic
Gun - Hateful Gladiator's Rifle 
Bow - Hateful Gladiator's Longbow 
Crossbow - Hateful Gladiator's Heavy Crossbow  
Polearm - Hateful Gladiator's Pike 
2H Axe - Hateful Gladiator's Decapitator 
1H Axe - Hateful Gladiator's Waraxe 
1H Axe - Hateful Gladiator's Chopper 
1H Axe - Hateful Gladiator's Cleaver 
1H Axe - Hateful Gladiator's Hacker 
Staff - Hateful Gladiator's Staff 
Staff - Hateful Gladiator's Battle Staff 
Staff - Hateful Gladiator's Energy Staff 
Staff - Hateful Gladiator's War Staff 
Staff - Hateful Gladiator's Focus Staff 
1H Sword - Hateful Gladiator's Quickblade 
1H Sword - Hateful Gladiator's Slicer 
2H Sword - Hateful Gladiator's Greatsword 
Dagger - Hateful Gladiator's Shanker 
Dagger - Hateful Gladiator's Shiv 
Dagger - Hateful Gladiator's Mutilator 
Dagger - Hateful Gladiator's Spellblade 
1H Mace - Hateful Gladiator's Pummeler 
1H Mace - Hateful Gladiator's Bonecracker 
1H Mace - Hateful Gladiator's Gavel 
2H Mace - Hateful Gladiator's Bonegrinder 
Fist Weapon - Hateful Gladiator's Left Render 
Fist Weapon - Hateful Gladiator's Left Ripper 
Fist Weapon - Hateful Gladiator's Right Ripper 
Shield - Hateful Gladiator's Barrier 
Shield - Hateful Gladiator's Shield Wall 
Shield - Hateful Gladiator's Redoubt 
Wand - Hateful Gladiator's Baton of Light 
Wand - Hateful Gladiator's Touch of Defeat 
Wand - Hateful Gladiator's Piercing Touch 
Thrown - Hateful Gladiator's War Edge 
Held in Off-hand - Hateful Gladiator's Endgame 
Held in Off-hand - Hateful Gladiator's Grimoire 
Held in Off-hand - Hateful Gladiator's Reprieve 
Idols - Hateful Gladiator's Idols 
Librams - Hateful Gladiator's Librams 
Totem - Hateful Gladiator's Totems 
Sigil - Hateful Gladiator's Sigils 

Arena Weapons - ilvl 200 - Rare
Gun - Savage Gladiator's Rifle 
Bow - Savage Gladiator's Longbow 
Crossbow - Savage Gladiator's Heavy Crossbow  
Polearm - Savage Gladiator's Pike 
2H Axe - Savage Gladiator's Decapitator 
1H Axe - Savage Gladiator's Waraxe 
1H Axe - Savage Gladiator's Chopper 
1H Axe - Savage Gladiator's Cleaver 
1H Axe - Savage Gladiator's Hacker 
Staff - Savage Gladiator's Staff 
Staff - Savage Gladiator's Battle Staff 
Staff - Savage Gladiator's Energy Staff 
Staff - Savage Gladiator's War Staff 
Staff - Savage Gladiator's Focus Staff 
1H Sword - Savage Gladiator's Quickblade 
1H Sword - Savage Gladiator's Slicer 
2H Sword - Savage Gladiator's Greatsword 
Dagger - Savage Gladiator's Shanker 
Dagger - Savage Gladiator's Shiv 
Dagger - Savage Gladiator's Mutilator 
Dagger - Savage Gladiator's Spellblade 
1H Mace - Savage Gladiator's Pummeler 
1H Mace - Savage Gladiator's Bonecracker 
1H Mace - Savage Gladiator's Gavel 
2H Mace - Savage Gladiator's Bonegrinder 
Fist Weapon - Savage Gladiator's Left Render 
Fist Weapon - Savage Gladiator's Left Ripper 
Fist Weapon - Savage Gladiator's Right Ripper 
Shield - Savage Gladiator's Barrier 
Shield - Savage Gladiator's Shield Wall 
Shield - Savage Gladiator's Redoubt 
Wand - Savage Gladiator's Baton of Light 
Wand - Savage Gladiator's Touch of Defeat 
Wand - Savage Gladiator's Piercing Touch 
Thrown - Savage Gladiator's War Edge 
Held in Off-hand - Savage Gladiator's Endgame 
Held in Off-hand - Savage Gladiator's Grimoire 
Held in Off-hand - Savage Gladiator's Reprieve 
Idols - Savage Gladiator's Idols 
Librams - Savage Gladiator's Librams 
Totem - Savage Gladiator's Totems 
Sigil - Savage Gladiator's Sigils 



New Mounts
Achievement Rewards
Leading the Cavalry - Obtain 75 mounts. Reward - Albino Drake
For The Alliance! - Slay the leaders of the Horde. Reward - Black War Bear
For The Horde! - Slay the leaders of the Alliance. Reward - Black War Bear
Glory of the Hero - Complete the Heroic Dungeon achievements Reward - Red Proto-Drake
Glory of the Raider - Complete the Normal Difficulty raid achievements Reward - Plagued Proto-Drake
Heroic: Glory of the Raider - Complete the Heroic Difficulty raid achievements Reward - Black Proto-Drake
What A Long, Strange Trip It's Been - Complete the world events achievements. Reward - Violet Proto-Drake



All new mount spells
Summon Black War Mammoth - Summons and dismisses a rideable Black War Mammoth. This is a very fast mount.
Summon Wooly Mammoth - Summons and dismisses a rideable Wooly Mammoth. This is a very fast mount. Wooly Mammoth 
Summon Ice Mammoth - Summons and dismisses a rideable Ice Mammoth. This is a very fast mount.
Summon Grand Black War Mammoth - Summons and dismisses a rideable Grand Black War Mammoth. This is a very fast mount that can carry 3 passengers.
Summon Grand Ice Mammoth - Summons and dismisses a rideable Grand Ice Mammoth. This is a very fast mount that can carry 3 passengers.
Red Proto-Drake - Summons and dismisses a rideable Red Proto-Drake. This is a very fast mount. This mount can only be summoned in Outland or Northrend.
Black Proto-Drake - Summons and dismisses a rideable Black Proto-Drake. This is a very fast mount. This mount can only be summoned in Outland or Northrend.
Blue Proto-Drake - Summons and dismisses a rideable Blue Proto-Drake. This is a very fast mount. This mount can only be summoned in Outland or Northrend.
White Proto-Drake - Summons and dismisses a rideable White Proto-Drake. This is a very fast mount. This mount can only be summoned in Outland or Northrend.
Plagued Proto-Drake - Summons and dismisses a rideable Plagued Proto-Drake. This is a very fast mount. This mount can only be summoned in Outland or Northrend.
Violet Proto-Drake - Summons and dismisses a rideable Violet Proto-Drake. This is a very fast mount. This mount can only be summoned in Outland or Northrend.
Albino Drake - Summons and dismisses a rideable Albino Drake. This is a very fast mount. This mount can only be summoned in Outland or Northrend.
Armored Brown Bear - Summons and dismisses a rideable armored brown bear. This is a very fast mount. Armored Brown Bear 
Black War Bear - Summons and dismisses a rideable black war bear. This is a very fast mount.
Summon Grand Caravan Mammoth - Summons and dismisses a rideable Grand Caravan Mammoth. This is a very fast mount that can carry 3 passengers and vendors. Grand Caravan Mammoth 
Mekgineer's Chopper - Rides and parks a rockin' Mekgineer's Chopper. This is a very fast set of wheels. Screenshot 
Brutal Nether Drake Screenshot #1  Screenshot #2  - Summons and dismisses a rideable Brutal Nether Drake mount. This is an extremely fast mount. This mount can only be summoned in Outland or Northrend.
Armored Blue Wind Rider - Summons and dismisses a rideable Armored Blue Wind Rider mount. This is a very fast mount. This mount can only be summoned in Outland or Northrend.
Armored Snowy Gryphon - Summons and dismisses a rideable Armored Snowy Gryphon mount. This is a very fast mount. This mount can only be summoned in Outland or Northrend. Armored Snow Gryphon 





BoA "Heirloom" Items
More bound to account items have been added to the game. 

Weapons
Sharpened Scarlet Kris 
Reforged Truesilver Champion 
Upgraded Dwarven Hand Cannon 
The Blessed Hammer of Grace 
Grand Staff of Jordan 
Battleworn Thrash Blade 

Trinkets
Inherited Insignia of the Horde 
Inherited Insignia of the Alliance  

Shoulder
Strengthened Stockade Pauldrons 
Pristine Lightforge Spaulders 
Prized Beastmaster's Mantle 
Aged Pauldrons of The Fiver Thunders 
Exceptional Stormshroud Shoulders 
Lasting Felheart Spaulders 
Exquisite Sunderseer Mantle 

Honor
Wintergrasp Commendation 


Professions
Alchemy
Northrend Alchemy Research 
Transmute: Titanium 
Indestructible Alchemist's Stone  / Mercurial Alchemist's Stone  / Mighty Alchemist's Stone 
Elixir of Expertise  / Elixir of Accuracy  / Elixir of Lightning Speed  / Elixir of Deadly Strikes  / Elixir of Armor Piercing  / Elixir of Mighty Defense  / Elixir of Mighty Thoughts 



Blacksmithing
Icebane Chestguard  / Icebane Girdle  / Icebane Treads 

Enchanting
Enchant Weapon - Greater Potency  / Enchant Weapon - Mighty Spellpower  / Enchant Weapon - Superior Potency  / Enchant Weapon - Massacre 
Enchant Chest - Powerful Stats 
Enchant Cloak - Major Agility  / Enchant Cloak - Speed 
Enchant Shield - Greater Intellect 
Enchant Bracers - Striking  / Enchant Bracers - Superior Spellpower 
Enchant Boots - Assault  / Enchant Boots - Icewalker  / Enchant Boots - Greater Assault 
Enchant Gloves - Crusher 



Engineering
Long-range Cranium Drill 

Leatherworking
Durable Nerubhide Cape 
Ice Striker's Cloak 
Icy Scale Chestguard  / Icy Scale Belt  / Icy Scale Boots 
Polar Vest  / Polar Cord  / Polar Boots 
Earthgiving Legguards  / Earthgiving Boots 
Eviscerator's Chestguard  / Eviscerator's Treads  / Eviscerator's Shoulderpads  / Eviscerator's Facemask  / Eviscerator's Gauntlets  / Eviscerator's Bindings  / Eviscerator's Waistguard  / Eviscerator's Legguards 
Giantmaim Bracers  / Giantmaim Legguards 
Overcast Chestguard  / Overcast Boots  / Overcast Spaulders  / Overcast Headguard  / Overcast Handwraps  / Overcast Bracers  / Overcast Belt  / Overcast Leggings 
Revenant's Breastplate  / Revenant's Treads 
Stormhide Hauberk  / Stormhide Stompers  / Stormhide Shoulders  / Stormhide Crown  / Stormhide Grips  / Stormhide Wristguard  / Stormhide Belt  / Stormhide Legguards 
Swiftarrow Hauberk  / Swiftarrow Boots  / Swiftarrow Shoulderguards  / Swiftarrow Helm  / Swiftarrow Gauntlets  / Swiftarrow Bracers  / Swiftarrow Belt  / Swiftarrow Leggings 
Trollwoven Spaulders  / Trollwoven Girdle 



Tailoring
Swift Ebonweave Carpet  / Swift Mooncloth Carpet  / Swift Spellfire Carpet  / Swift Flying Carpet  / Flying Carpet 
Glacial Robe  / Glacial Waistband  / Glacial Slippers 






Faction Rewards
The Argent Crusade
Mace - Argent Skeleton Crusher 
Gun - Zombie Sweeper Shotgun 
Wand - Purifying Torch 
Cloak - Cloak of Holy Extermination 
Plate - Special Issue Legplates 
Plate - Standard Issue Legguards 
Plate - Fang Deflecting Faceguard 
Mail - Battle Mender's Helm 
Plate - Helm of Purified Thoughts 
Mail - Polished Regimental Hauberk 
Leather - Boots of the Neverending Path 
Ring - Signet of Hopeful Light 
Head - Arcanum of the Stalwart Protector 
Head - Arcanum of the Fleeing Shadow 

Frenzyheart Tribe
Trinket - Frenzyheart Insignia of Fury 
Thrown - Stolen Vrykul Harpoon 
Plate - Discarded Titanium Legplates 
Plate - Sparkly Shiny Gloves 
Plate - Giant-Sized Gauntlets 
Mail - Scavenged Feathery Leggings 
Leather - Azure Strappy Pants 
Cloth - Muddied Crimson Gloves 

Knights of the Ebon Blade
Fist Weapon - Unholy Persuader 
Sword - Reaper of Dark Souls 
Sword - Runeblade of Demonstrable Power  
Cloak - Dark Soldier Cape 
Plate - Toxin-Tempered Sabatons 
Mail - Spaulders of the Black Arrow 
Leather - Wound-Binder's Wristguards 
Cloth - Sterile Flesh-Handling Gloves 
Plate - Death-Inured Sabatons 
Mail - Kilt of Dark Mercy 
Leather - Darkheart Chestguard 
Cloth - Belt of Dark Mending 
Head - Arcanum of the Toxic Warding 
Head - Arcanum of the Tormentation 

Kirin Tor
Head - Arcanum of the Burning Mysteries 
Head - Arcanum of the Flame's Soul 
Leather - Mind-Expanding Leggings 
Plate - Girdle of the Warrior Magi 
Staff - Stave of Shrouded Mysteries 
Dagger - Flameheart Spell Scalpel 
Leather - Helm of the Majestic Stag 
Cloak - Shroud of Dedicated Research 
Dagger - Lightblade Rivener 
Plate - Fireproven Gauntlets 
Mail - Boots of Twinkling Stars 
Leather - Ghostflicker Waistband 
Cloth - Robes of Crackling Flame 

The Sons of Hodir
Plate - Spaulders of the Giant Lords 
Leather - Giant-Friend Kilt 
Dagger - Broken Stalactite 
Axe - Stalactite Chopper 
Leather - Spaulders of Frozen Knives 
Mail - Giant Ring Belt 
Mount - Reins of the Ice Mammoth 
Head - Arcanum of the Frosty Soul 
Shoulder - Greater Inscription of the Pinnacle 
Shoulder - Greater Inscription of the Crag 
Shoulder - Greater Inscription of the Axe 
Shoulder - Greater Inscription of the Storm 
Shoulder - Lesser Inscription of the Pinnacle 
Shoulder - Lesser Inscription of the Crag 
Shoulder - Lesser Inscription of the Axe 
Shoulder - Lesser Inscription of the Storm 

The Kalu'ak
Cloth - Turtle-Minders Robe 
Cloth - Pigment-Stained Robes 
Mail - Cuttlefish Tooth Ringmail 
Mail - Cuttlefish Scale Breastplate 
Plate - Whalebone Carapace 
Plate - Ivory Reinforced Chestguard 
Leather - Whale-Skin Vest 
Leather - Whale-Skin Breastplate 
Polearm - Whale-Stick Harpoon 
Mace - Totemic Purification Rod 
Dagger - Traditional Flensing Knife 
Fishing Pole - Mastercraft Kalu'ak Fishing Pole 

The Oracles
Plate - Gold Star Spaulders 
Mail - Sharkjaw Cap 
Mail - Toothslice Helm 
Wand - Shinygem Rod 
Leather - Glitterscale Wrap 
Cloth - Fishy Cinch 
Trinket - Oracle Talisman of Ablution 

The Wyrmrest Accord
Plate - Sabatons of Draconic Vigor 
Cloth - Ancestral Sinew Wristguards 
Mace - Gavel of the Brewing Storm 
Plate - Breastplate of the Solemn Council 
Plate - Bracers of Accorded Courtesy 
Cloth - Sash of the Wizened Wyrm 
Cloak - Cloak of Peaceful Resolutions 
Sword - Fang of Truth 
Plate - Legplates of Bloody Reprisal 
Mail - Grips of Fierce Pronouncements 
Leather - Dragonfiend Bracers 
Cloth - Sandals of Crimson Fury 
Head - Arcanum of the Eclipsed Moon 
Head - Arcanum of the Blissful Mending 