Boubouille2008-09-03, 07:13 AM Upcoming Warrior Update
Hello Warriors,

I’ve got a sneak preview of things coming up in the beta for you to discuss. We still have lots of polish and bug fixing to do and we’re still wrestling with a few elements of the warrior abilities and talents so do not consider this an exhaustive list. As always, post any concerns or suggestions you have.

General
Enraged Assault redesigned, now Enraged Regeneration: You regenerate 30% of your total health over 10 sec. This ability consumes all Enrage effects and prevents any from affecting you for the full duration. Must be enraged to use. Cost 15 rage, 3 min cooldown.
Slam – We’re working to change this ability to suspend the swing timer when you are using the ability. In other words, if you’re .5 sec away from swinging your weapon when you start using Slam you’ll be .5 sec from swinging your weapon after Slam goes off.



Arms
Improved Charge now generates 5/10 rage.
Mace Specialization now ignores 3/6/9/12/15% of target’s armor.
Sudden Death and Trauma swapped locations.
Bladestorm now lasts 6 seconds, causing a whirlwind every second.



Protection
Toughness now also reduces duration of movement slowing effects by 10/20/30/40/50%.
Improved Sunder Armor renamed Puncture, reduced to 2 ranks for 1/2 rage cost reduction.
Improved Disarm reduced to 2 ranks, now reduces the cooldown of Disarm by 10/20 sec and increases damage taken by disarmed targets by 5/10%.
Improved Defensive Stance reduced to 2 ranks, now reduces spell damage taken by 3/6% and any block/parry/dodge has a 50/100% chance to enrage the warrior causing 5/10% more damage for 12 sec.
Vigilance will soon transfer the 10% threat lost to the warrior. It will also have 3 charges to curb using it on targets that are being hit constantly. We’re still polishing this element to get it to feel right.
NEW Warbringer is a new one point talent on Tier 9 that allows Charge to be used in combat. Did I mention the change to Improved Charge?
Critical Block now also increases your chance to critically hit with your Shield Slam by 5/10/15%.
Sword and Board no longer triggers when Shield Slam is used, but the chance to trigger has increased to 3/6/9/12/15%. Note these are not final numbers.



Fury
Intensify Rage and Precision swapped locations.
Enrage now increases damage done by 3/6/9/12/15%, limitation on number of attacks removed.
Improved Whirlwind now increases damage of Whirlwind by 10/20%, no longer reduces cooldown.
Furious Attacks changed to use PPM procs per minute to make it trigger at the same rate regardless of weapon speed. Note that dual-wielding and haste still improve your chances.
Titan’s Grip still needs a counterbalancing element, but what it will entail and how severe it will be is still being evaluated.



To answer a few questions:
Yes, I meant Furious Attacks, not Focused Attacks.
Some notes are already in the beta, some are not updated yet on the calculator so wanted to give additional visibility to anyone else reading the forums.
Warbringer: What we don't want to see is Charge becoming part of a tanking rotation. At the moment it will remain usable only in Battle Stance. An experimental idea to be sure.
Stance Dancing: The short answer here is we want just the right amount of it. 
Final numbers are not in yet for the various talent trees. We want all trees to be viable in PvP and PvE so expect further number tuning across all classes/specs.
The important upcoming change to Vigilance is the threat transfer. 10% of the target's generated threat will go to your threat total.
Bladestorm consuming rage every second is a bug that's been fixed.


 Upcoming Rogue Update
Here’s a quick update on some additional changes we’ve made over the weekend. Most of these, but not all, will be in the next beta build.

General
Cloak of Shadows cooldown changed to 1.5 min.
Disarm Trap range increased to 20 yds, cast time reduced to 1 sec, now requires stealth.
NEW – Level 75 Tricks of the Trade: The current party or raid member becomes the target of your Tricks of the Trade. The threat caused by your next attack and all actions taken for 6 sec afterwards will be transferred to the target. In addition, all damage caused by the target is increased by 15% during this time. 30 sec cooldown. Surprise! Yes, this is the new group/raid utility ability. We haven’t put any stacking protection on it yet but we’ll need one type of solution or other to prevent the need for 5 rogue Trick rotations. Note also that you cannot use this ability on yourself.



Assassination
Vigor moved to Tier 3.
Relentless Strikes moved to Subtlety Tier 1, made 5 ranks for 4/8/12/16/20% chance.
Murder moved to Tier 6, now increases damage by 2/4%.
NEW – Tier 7 Overkill: Abilities used while stealthed and for 6 seconds after breaking stealth cost 10 less energy.
Focused Attacks and Turn the Tables have swapped locations.
Master Poisoner moved to Tier 9, no longer increases chance to hit with poison attacks, now increases the critical hit chance of all attacks made against any target you have poisoned by 1/2/3% and reduces the duration of all Poison effects applied to you by 17/34/50%. This does not stack with the Paladin talent Heart of the Crusader.
Hunger for Blood duration increased to 30 seconds.



Combat
Precision now also increases chance to hit with poison attacks by 1/2/3/4/5%.
Nerves of Steel will now reduce damage taken while stunned or feared by 15/30% rather than reducing duration.
Improved Sprint moved to Tier 4.
Blade Twisting now slows movement speed by 70%.
Mace Specialization now ignores 3/6/9/12/15% of target’s armor.
Throwing Specialization now also has a chance to interrupt target when Fan of Knives is used.
Unfair Advantage: Whenever you dodge an attack you strike back for 50/100% of your main hand weapon’s damage.
Stay of Execution removed, replaced with Blood Poisoning.
NEW – Tier 9 Blood Poisoning: All physical damage caused to enemies you have poisoned is increased by 1/2%.
Prey on the Weak now increases critical strike damage of all attacks.
Killing Spree is the new name for Murder Spree and should be working much better very soon.



Subtlety
Shadowstep will no longer be usable while rooted.
Elusiveness moved to Tier 3, now reduces cooldown of Cloak of Shadows by 15/30 sec.
Premeditation cooldown reduced to 20 sec.
Preparation no longer refreshes the cooldown to Premeditation.
Master of Deception reduced to 3 ranks.
Opportunity reduces to 2 ranks for 10/20%.
Camouflage reduced to 3 ranks for 5/10/15% speed and 2/4/6 sec off the cooldown of Stealth.
Initiative moved to Tier 4, increased to 33/66/100% chance.
Improved Ambush moved to Tier 4, reduced to 2 ranks for 25/50%.
Serrated Blades moved to Tier 3.
Wrongfully Accused replaced with Filthy Tricks.
NEW – Tier 9 Filthy Tricks: Reduces the cooldown of your Tricks of the Trade and Distract abilities by 5/10 sec.
Slaughter from the Shadows now also reduces the energy cost of your Hemorrhage ability by 1/2/3/4/5.
Shadow Dance redesigned, now allows the use of Sap, Garrote, Ambush, Cheap Shot, Premeditation, Pickpocket and Disarm Trap regardless of being stealthed. Those abilities all gain a cooldown of 2 sec. Lasts 10 sec.



  Priest / Warlock - Mind Flay Changes
We'll be increasing Mind Flay's coefficient base by roughly 30% to start, and allow Mind Flay to crit. We may also do some tuneups to the Shadow tree as well, but as other players have mentioned the tree is really not the problem, just the base spells not scaling.

Hopefully we can get the new Mind Flay in the next build, but allowing it to crit involves rebuilding the spell completely, which may take some time. 

 Please tell me you're going to give Affliction similar treatment.
Something similar, yes. 



Blue posts

Fear break mechanics
Hex and Fear, Entangling Roots, Freezing Trap etc. is intended to break after a flat amount of damage relative to your HP pool, that may not currently be functioning as intended. Source 

Holiday Achievements
We might do this. We're still working heavily on the holiday achievements. In the next build, you'll see a lot of changes to the Winter Veil stuff as well as a lot of new Love Is In The Air achievements. Source 

Argent Champion Title Exalted with Argent Dawn / Argent Crusade
We recently added Argent Champion as a title. It will be in the next build. Source 

 Death Knight Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8885 
Blood of the North changes
We changed BoTN to be 3 ranks. That will leave Frost with not quite enough ranks in that tier for the moment though. Source 

Blood Tree and DPS balancing
I think that summarizes what I am trying to say pretty well. If Blood's dps is too low compared to the other trees, I would just like to see Blood's dps increase, but not necessarily all through MoM. Remember a couple of builds ago, everyone was Blood. So I don't think Blood's dps dropped dramatically as much as the other two overshadowed it.

Putting Obliterate back on MoM and into DRM is something we might consider though, and when we get around to a numbers pass, I expect to find that Obliterate and possibly Death Strike still too weak. Source 

Dark Command / Death Grip shared cooldown intended ?
Bug. Source 

Talent synergy and Death Knight high DPS
There is nothing wrong with good talent synergy. If, however, the death knight dps is too high compared to other classes, then either the talents need to come down or the abilities need to come down. A few players have made compelling but not irrefutable arguments that Scourge Strike for example can hit really hard because its damage is improved by so many talents. That's why I mentioned the talent synergy potentially key word being too good.

While I suspect DK dps is too high, I can't state it for a certainty because we haven't finished our analysis yet. That's why I try to be cautious when I say it. Some of those crits are really, really big though.

I do think the class should still be closer to the fewer big hits of an MS warrior than the many smaller hits of a rogue. I think we can keep that. Source 

Death Knight threat generation
Threat should scale with gear very well for the death knight. I say that because the DK has very few +threat abilities, especially compared to a warrior. They are built much more like a Prot paladin, whose threat scales enormously well with gear.

Even the warrior's abilities should scale better in LK though. Sunder does more threat based on AP for example.

We'll do a sanity pass on the DK numbers and see where we are. I don't think it's going to mean nerfing everything across the board. It wasn't that long ago players loved Heart Strike and Obliterate so I don't think we're talking about burning anything to the ground and starting over. Source 


Free Character Moves 9/3 - 9/10
We will be offering free character moves from a selected high population realm to a lower populated realm, assisting in population dispersal. The ability to move a character on the selected source realms will become available on Wednesday, September 3 at 12:00PM PDT, and are scheduled to run until Wednesday, September 10 at 12:00PM PDT.

In the event that these realms meet our transfer goals before the scheduled end date, the transfers to that realm will be disabled. We highly recommend that if you are planning to transfer that you do so at your earliest convenience. No characters will be eligible for these free moves once the transfers have been closed.

Once the transfers open you can begin your transfer by visiting the Character Move page located here:  

Source A PvP- Illidan, Mal'Ganis, Warsong
Destination A PvP - Zuluhed

Source B PvE - Aerie Peak, Area 52, Moon Guard, Zul'jin
Destination B PvE - Muradin

Source C Oceanic PvP - Barthilas, Frostmourne
Destination C Oceanic PvP - Dreadmaul 


TCG Wallpaper - Undead Warlock
This week's wallpaper features an undead warlock roaring in defiance as she prepares to hurl fel powers on her enemies.


 