Boubouille2008-09-04, 09:36 AM Enhancement Shaman - Item Changes
Latest beta push had 2 major undocumented changes for Enhancement shaman.

Maelstrom Weapon no longer resets the autoattack swing timer
All Enhancement Shaman set pieces, including PvE and PvP sets, have had the Strength attribute removed and replaced with AP at the level 70 conversion rate 1 STR = 2 AP.



Thanks to Malan for the tip, below are screenshots of the updated shaman sets stats.


     
     


Blue posts
Tanking in Wrath of the Lich King full version 
Better threat generation on non-tanking specs
[...] It might even be okay if non-tanking specs can generate a lot of threat heck, hunters do it, so long as they also don't have high mitigation.

Past issues with Protection warriors
[...] The best we can offer is flexibility so that you can pick up all the passive mitigation talents and someone else can try out a different build. The problem with Prot before, I'd argue, is that there weren't enough choices to go around so that by the time you got the bare minimum, the options left were pretty paltry. 

Class diversity in raid
That is pretty much the point. No class brings anything so unique that you want them to come at the expense of others. You should earn your raid spot because you know how to tank and have some decent gear and a guild who can back you up. Maybe you're a great leader or maybe you don't argue. Maybe you've got a great sense of humor or are a good guild recruiter. All of those are better reasons to get into a group IMHO than because your buff is a unique snowflake. Quite honestly I'd rather raid with my friends than some jerk who has the perfect buff. And I really don't want to send one of my friends off to reroll a level 1 dude because we both happened to choose rogues at first level six months ago and now our group is suffering for want of a buff. If you can tank, you'll get into raids. 

Prot Warrior versus Paladin Tanking
The Prot warrior should also be able to switch to dps, and they come with Battle Shout and Commanding Shout, two very solid buffs. [...] If the paladin is so much better at AE that you take him instead of a warrior, then we have a problem. 

Death Knights tuned raid encounters
Again, the "best Magic boss" shouldn't be to the extent that you call the raid when she can't come. There will be no fights tailored to a particular class. Sorry. Believe me, we don't have to come up with a gimmick to encourage death knight raiders. Northrend is infested with them already. Ghouls are cool though. 

Balance between tanking classes
You Sunder, you Demo Shout, Battle Shout, Challenging Shout. You might Piercing Howl depending on the encounter. You Execute. You Intervene. See where I'm going...? If you are really winning or losing fights based on whether your tank can Innervate, then we've probably made the content too challenging. The difference in skill or gear between a potential warrior and druid tank should have a much bigger effect on the outcome.

The situations we've had before have been more like "The paladin can tank all of Heroic Shattered Halls with no CC" or "The druid can do nearly double your dps while tanking" or "The warrior can achieve passive crushing immunity and has the only ability that can handle Shear." Those are egregious barriers to having 4 viable tanking classes, which is why we're trying to fix them. 

 Death Knight Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8885 
Blood Tanking
A Blood knight can heal herself really well and Vampiric Blood lets the healers heal you a lot too.

I think when the damage among the 3 trees is more normalized, the threat will be too. It's possible Frost or Unholy is better for mitigation, but if so, I would expect the difference to be pretty marginal over the long haul and possibly even depending on the boss. Source 

 Druid Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8885 
Tanking balance and itemization
There are a lot of huge changes in the expansion though. Warrior tanks are worried they won't be useful anymore because their big niche surviving crushing blows was given to all tanks. Paladin tanks are concerned because better AE threat is being given to all tanks. Death knight tanks are worried that they are going to get nerfed because of the damage they're doing. Druids are worried that they won't have the armor they are used to, and might be inferior tanks because of it. Almost every class is worried that their unique raid buff won't gaurantee them a spot in the raid any longer. We're worried about pulling it all off. :

Druids have talents like Thick Hide, Natural Reaction, Mother Bear and Survival of the Fittest in part to make up for the fact they aren't wearing plate, parrying or blocking. Is that enough mitigation to make them just as good end-game tanks as the other three tanking classes? We don't know yet. We haven't finished our testing and nobody on beta is in Naxx yet. If Bears are getting clobbered or their healers are running out of mana trying to keep them up, we'll fix it. Source 

 Paladin Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8885 
Protection Talent Tree Feedback
We are about ready to do our next major pass on the Paladin trees. We think Prot does have too many mandatory talents, and too many talents that offer passive mitigation without other interesting mechanics or even dps. This thread is a great opportunity to discuss the tree and offer your feedback.

For purposes of this thread, the kinds of feedback that are useful:
Which talents are fun vs. which ones aren't
Areas in the tree that tie up too many talent points vs. areas that feel barren
Talents that feel mandatory vs. talents that feel fun but optional vs. talents you'd never get

For purposes of this thread, we are less interested in:
Mitigation and threat capabilities of the paladin vs. other tanks we'll get to that
Holy and Retribution we'll get to that
Mana, dps, interrupts or other paladin issues we'll get to that
Whether it's a good goal for Prot to be viable at healing, dps or PvP. It's helpful to mention when talents might fit these roles, but let's not use this particular thread for a debate on whether Prot should be at all decent in PvP.
Questions about other topics, pleas to visit other forums or catty arguments

Rest assured this is not our only avenue for collecting feedback. We do talk to experienced and beginner tanks alike as well as drawing on our own internal resources to make decisions. Source 

 Warrior Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8885 
Protection Warrior and PvP
As I said before, whether Protection shoud be viable for PvP is controversial. People on the extreme of both sides of the debate should be able to see pretty clearly that there are plenty of others who don't see their point of view. It's not an argument that is going to be won by debate, consensus or vote.

As I've also said, there are some things we want to do with Prot to improve it. We could make a very fat, very boring tree with 30 talents that promise excellent passive mitigation. I don't think that's going to make warriors any more fun to play. Here's what we'd like to do instead:

Add some more fun abilities to the tree. Warbringer is one such ability. It may not be something everyone will use, and honestly, we're cool with that. Some talents should be optional. We also know some tanks, even hardcore endgame ones are excited about the ability. As a tank it could be a good source of rage Yes, we know you lose all your rage when stance dancing -- the design of Warbringer is not that you stupidly lose all your rage when you change to Battle Stance and then say oops. It could also help your mobility on fights where you need to zip around a lot to put out fires -- that's part of tanking too. It's not all sitting there and getting hit by Brutallus.

To make room for some of those abilities, you have to have some options. The classic tanking build from BC doesn't leave you a lot of free talents. We need to combine a few mitigation talents together to buy you some space. Also, must haves like Imp Heroic Strike and Imp Thunder Clap may not be must haves anymore, because...

We're buffing Prot's dps. A lot. This is going to help with threat, and will make doing dps with a prot build whether as OT, MT, leveling or doing daily quests more fun. A lot of abilities that do +threat now are going to be doing +damage instead. You are going to see crits from Thunder Clap and Conc Blow that might blow your mind. You're going to hit Thunder Clap and have mobs stick to you long enough for you to use some other abilities. Oh and If you haven't tried Retaliation while tanking yet, it rules. For those who never got to enjoy the joys of Shield Slam with crazy +block, you'll soon get to.

Warriors lost a very comfortable tanking niche with the removal of crushing blows. We need to make sure there are still good reasons to take a Prot warrior. Vigilance and Safeguard are good starts there, but we're also looking at buffing signature abilities like Spell Reflect. A lot of the recent changes were intended as buffs, not nerfs. We'll get you your Expertise back. We'll get you your cheap Devastates back.

As we start to get the talent trees in better shape, we're going to be able to get a better handle on the state of balance. Simultaneously, people in the beta will start venturing into heroics and Naxx. This will start to give us some data for the first time on whether L80 Prot warrior threat or mitigation is too low compared to other classes. If it is, we'll fix it.

I mention that because we designed Vigilance not as a band-aid to fix Prot warrior threat because we don't know if it's too high or low yet but because we thought it would be fun. Use it on that reckless warlock who likes to pull aggro and you turn a weakness into a strength. Use it on your fragile healer and you can, yanno, actually *protect* them. Instead of having to say "Please wait for 3 Sunders before you attack" maybe people will say "That tank has Vigilance -- no way you'll pull off him." Source 

North American/European Warcraft Finals – September 6-7
The 2008 North American and European Warcraft Finals will be taking place this weekend, September 6-7. These events will feature the top eight qualifiers from the 2008 World of Warcraft Arena and Warcraft III tournaments for their respective regions. Attendees will also have the opportunity to try out demos of Wrath of the Lich King and StarCraft II on-site. Admission is free, so come by and check it out if you’re in the area. Details for each event can be found below. 

North America
The North American Warcraft Final will be held at the Hard Rock Cafe in Boston, Massachusetts, with doors opening at 9:30 a.m.
Here are the eight teams that advanced from the regional online qualifiers of the 2008 World of Warcraft Arena Tournament:

1. Dude I got it on FRAPS - 
2. duelists going for glad - 
3. Frag Dominant - 
4. Fnatic Orz - 
5. GOT GAME DOT COM - 
6. selective queuers - 
7. Magical Muffin Factory - 
8. Team FocaL dot org -  

Be sure to follow the action at  

Europe
The European Warcraft Final will be held at the Circulo Bellas artes, Salon de columnas in Madrid, Spain, with doors opening at 10:30 a.m.

Here are the eight teams that advanced from the regional online qualifiers of the 2008 World of Warcraft Arena Tournament:

1. Mousesports - 
2. x6tence - 
3. Pure Cartoons - 
4. aAa Agita - 
5. Nihilum Plasma - 
6. Team Alternate - 
7. Triple Threat - 
8. Sik -  

Be sure to follow the action at  


New Fan Art
The Blizzard Fan Art Section  has been updated with Troll artwork. 


   
   