Boubouille2008-08-27, 10:39 AMPatch 3.0.2 on PTR "soon"
The 3.0.2 Content patch introducing some of the WotLK features before the release of the expansion might be deployed on PTRs sooner than what we expected ...
None of the classes are done. They are still being iterated on. 3.0 will be on the PTR's soon. There is still a lot of testing before 3.0 would go live to public servers.

If you look back at past patches, we've had patches on the PTR for over 2 months before. 
Also, the european PTR forums have already been cleaned from all posts to get ready for the new PTR Phase - 27/08 PTR forum cleaned 
To keep this forum relevant to the current or upcoming version on the PTRs, all old threads have been removed. This will be done soon after each patch test cycle is completed and the patch is applied to the regular realms.

Informational sticky threads will be reposted after each forum wipe, and as new information about the current or upcoming patch becomes available it will be added in this forum. 


Achievements - Feats of Strength Realm First
Realm Firsts are implemented in the next beta build although they will be slightly broken due to the fact that we have data issues with existing beta testers. For now, here's the list. We'll probably add more.

Realm First to 80
Realm First <insert class here> to 80
Realm First <insert race here> to 80
Realm first <insert tradeskill or secondary skill> to 450
Realm First 10/25 end-boss kills

Keep in mind, this will be broken on beta realms slightly. For example, in the current build, Realm First Mage to 80 is actually implemented. Well, Daelo, our Lead Encounter Designer, was testing something and leveled a Mage to 80 instantly and got the achievement for the server. On live realms, this will never happen. On live realms, all blizzard employee accounts are not counted toward server-firsts. But this part of the technology was not yet implemented.

Also, when those Realm First achievements go live, they won't be accurate on the beta realms. But on live realms, the data will be pure and the information will display correctly.

Something to note about Realm Firsts:

A Realm First window stays open for 1 minute after initial completion of the Feat Of Strength. This means if 25 people kill Malygos as a Realm First, they'll all get credit. But what this also means is that if two players reach level 80 within a minute of each other, they will both get credit as well. 
Also note that achievements might be tracked as soon as the upcoming content patch is deployed on live servers.
Originally, the answer was no. We were going to wait until Northrend opened. But we will most likely put the system live for 3.0. This could of course change but the current leaning is to put the system live with 3.0. 


Build 8820 - Additional Dungeon Loot
A few more items were added to the dungeon loot list  posted yesterday. 

The Nexus - Heroic Mode
Arcane-Shielded Helm  Plate - Helm



Halls of Lightning
Hewn Sparring Quarterstaff  Staff
Kilt of Molten Golems  Mail - Legs
Mantle of Electrical Charges  Cloth - Shoulders
Cape of Seething Steam  Others - Cloak
Chaotic Spiral Amulet  Others - Neck





Blue posts
Flying Mounts in Dalaran
For the time being, it is intended that you cannot fly within the city of Dalaran. We want you to be able to fly into Dalaran and fly out of Dalaran via mounting at the flying landing or in the sewer pipe but we don't want people flying around the city streets. We do want people to be able to mount on their ground mounts in the city but not indoors.

This isn't entirely set up properly yet and not all things are working. Most of this will be implemented over the coming weeks. If it's horrible, we'll change it. But that's what we're trying out right now.

A big complaint of Shattrath was that it did not feel like a city. A goal of Dalaran was to re-capture the bustling street feel of places like Stormwind and Orgrimmar. Flying mounts work contrary to this goal. Source 

Changes to Illidan encounters with the 3.0.2 patch and new talents
Changes can be made to encounters if we feel they are necessary to allow the fight to work right. That said, the release of the patch isn't tomorrow, it's sometime in the coming weeks, so you still have time to work on the raids. Good luck on Illidan. Source 

Netherdrakes in WotLK
We don't have any current plans to remove the ability to get the Netherdrakes in Outland, we'll let you know if anything changes. Source 

 Rogue Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8820 
Lack of rogue changes in WotLK Beta
Beta implies that the game is in a testing process and currently incomplete. Your assistance in testing and providing feedback is much appreciated, however, we ask that you remain patient while we continue to push out new content, abilities, and balancing adjustments each week.

No class is going to be left behind when all is said and done. The point of working through a Beta process is to ensure the product is fully polished by the time it is slated for release. We ask that you consider this before expressing frustration over a lack of battle-ready talents and abilities for your class in its current state. We will continue to push out changes for the Rogue class -- as with every other class -- so you will all have plenty of time to test out the updates. Source 

 Warrior Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8820 
Intensify Rage
Thank you for bringing up this concern. After examining the situation we agreed this would potentially be a problem. Precision and Intensify Rage have now switched places in the talent tree. We want this to be something that a furry warrior has access to without making arms warriors feel they have to have it to be functional. Source 