Boubouille2008-08-01, 08:28 PMUpdate 10:00 AM CEST - A more complete list of changes is now available.
Interface
You can now compare your achievements with other players. Screenshot 
It seems that the action icon now appears when you mouseover the target frame of a NPC. It doesn't look like it's implemented yet but we can assume that in the future, we will be able to left click the frame of the NPC instead of his model to prevent all the issues caused by players blocking NPCs. 
The Death Knight starting area now have its own loading screen. Screenshot 
The first features of the threat meter have been added to the game. Screenshot #1  Screenshot #2 
- Your % of threat based on the member of the party with the highest threat on the monster is now displayed in the scrolling combat text.
- Your % of threat is now displayed in the tooltips of monsters.
- According to the first reports, the threat is just sent to the client without any encoding now, it will be very easy to build mods to display the exact threat of each member of the raid in the future.



 Hunter
Two new stable slots are available for your pets ! The respective price for the 4th and 5th slots is 50 and 150 gold. Screenshot 



 Warlock
Howl of Terror Demon Form cooldown has been increased from 40 seconds to 3 minutes.



Professions
Alchemy
Alchemical Blood has been renamed to Mixology. 



World
The lighting bug affecting most of the indoor zones is now fixed. 
A new "battleground room" is available in Dalaran !




         


Update 03:15 AM CEST - The very first few features of the threat meter are here ! 
Your % of threat based on the member of the party with the highest threat on the monster is now displayed in the scrolling combat text.
Your % of threat is now displayed in the tooltips of monsters.
According to the first reports, the threat is just sent to the client without any encoding now, it will be very easy to build mods to display the exact threat of each member of the raid in the future.




 

 

Update 01:15 AM CEST - As far as it looks, this is a minor build deployed to fix all the bugs introduced by the latest one. Right now the biggest change is a new loading screen for the DK Starting Zone, none of the class spells or talents were changed. 


 

WotLK Beta Build 8719 Tonight
A new build is being deployed on WotLK Beta servers. As usual, stay tuned for all the changes ! 
The beta realms will be going down at 10:00 PM CEST to apply an update. We anticipate approximately six hours of downtime. 

Your patience and understanding are appreciated.

This also includes a client patch or is this only a server patch?
Client; 8719 I believe. Should be fun to see what it brings... but a shame I'm going to be well and truly asleep when the realm's up again! Source 