Boubouille2008-10-12, 08:00 PM 

Blizzcon - WoW Recap
The Blizzcon came to an end yesterday, and even if obviously it wasn't as interesting as the previous one where WotLK was announced, we did hear a few new things about the upcoming expansion.
Wrath of the Lich King
Blizzard is already manufacturing discs and putting the final touches to WotLK

Upcoming Patches
Patch 3.1 will be the first content patch of the expansion and is already done. It will include Ulduar raid instance 10 and 25 Man 
Patch 3.2 will add a new and still unknown raid instance to the game. 
Patch 3.3 will introduce Icecrown Citadel and should also resolve the storyline of Ashbringer.

Upcoming changes
In Patch 3.1, ground mounts will no longer dismount in water but will swim instead. 
10-Man and 25-Man sets will be part of the same set, you can complete your set bonuses with any part of each set. Updated set stats available in the Raids & Dungeons Panel post

Upcoming features
The Dual-Talent spec feature will let you switch between your two specs without having to go back to town. You can perfectly do it between fights in a raid, however it won't be possible to switch specs in the middle of an Arena Match. Your keybinds and glyphs will be saved and automatically switched as you change your spec. An itemrack-like mod might also be added to the game to make switching even easier.
New dances will be added in a content patch, one of the objective with the dance studio isn't to just add new dances but also let players combine moves to create their own dance.
Guild ratings might be added in the future, guilds could receive a rating based on their PvE and PvP accomplishments. Achievements based on guild accomplishments could be added to the game as well. 

PvP
They also want players to be able to level up in battlegrounds through XP rewards in addition of honor. Daily quests will also be added.
They want to bring back competition into Battlegrounds, they're working on a new rating system to help with that and are also working on a way to let guilds compete in battlegrounds.
In the future, players will be able to queue in Arenas and Battlegrounds from anywhere in the world.
Strand of the Ancients is getting changed from 10vs10 to 15vs15. The amount of Vehicles is also being doubled.

Misc.
It seems that Ozzy Osbourne will be doing the next WoW what do you play commercial.
There isn't any plan for a Blizzcon on the USA East Coast for the moment

World of Warcraft Movie
WoW Movie is still something they're working on, and they DO have a draft of the script for the movie.

Secret Project
Blizzard's "secret project" is confirmed to be a new MMO with a brand new universe, but we won't hear anything about it before a while.

Detailed Panels
Blizzcon - Day 1  - Class Panel, Interface Panel, Opening Ceremony.
Blizzcon - Day 2  - PvP Panel, Raids & Dungeons Panel, Developers Q&A, Class Panel #2.



Blizzcon - Closing Ceremony
Just like any Blizzard event, the Blizzcon ended with a concert of L80ETC  ! A few pictures below ...


       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     

Blizzcon - Art Panel Pictures
We didn't report this one because we didn't any important announcement from it, if you're really interested in something else than pictures you can always check the writeup at WoWInsider  And I know you're going to hate me for posting over 100 thumbnails on the frontpage, but I actually did some optimization on all of them to make the front page lighter 


       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
     