Boubouille2008-09-29, 10:07 AMI fixed a few errors in the Heroic Dungeon Loot List  during the day, the work on updated versions of lists is going pretty well and the ETA on them changed from "Soon" to "Very soon". 

Warrior - Upcoming Protection changes
NOTE: These changes were in the works before the recent round of dps discussions. I hope to have some Arms and Fury changes to report soon.

Armored to the Teeth -- Changed to AP, but amount reduced to 1 per 360 armor to compensate for the loss of Blessings of Kings etc.. We implemented this talent for dps warriors and didn't want it to feel like the ultimate Shield Block Value talent. It's still good for Protection, just not as good. Death Knights will get the same treatment.

EDIT: I meant 2 AP : 360 per talent point. My point was that we understand 1 Str > 2 AP for warriors.

Thunder Clap -- Increase in threat generation. No target limit. Swipe gets the same treatment. With these changes, all 4 tank classes should be able to generate very respectable AE threat. Consecration is still a little higher in threat to account for Thunder Clap's debuff.

Revenge -- Added to Sword and Board as a chance to proc Shield Slam. Increased its damage significantly. We want Revenge to be the button you push first.

Shield Slam -- Increased its flat damage to compensate for the Devastate nerf a few weeks ago. The Revenge change will help dps too, though only when you're tanking. We didn't want to increase the scaling portion of Shield Slam for fear that warrior threat becomes too high at ultimate gear levels, but we might still change it if they fall behind. We're not saying for now that Prot must do dps with a shield instead of dual-wielding Devastates, but this should make it more viable.

We're doing some more mitigation and survivability tests now. Our suspicion is that warriors are fine in this department and paladins might fall behind in the area of Shield Block Value at very high gear levels. But we'll see. 

Blue posts
 Death Knight Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8982 
Death & Decay Threat
We can't find any situations where Blood Plague makes Death and Decay cause more damage. Ebon Plague will of course, because it's just a spell damage boost.

We did several threat per second tests and decided to increase Death and Decay's threat in order to make DK's more effective AE tanks. You still aren't going to be able to spam it, but an initial D&D should get enough threat against the targets that you'll have time to Pestilence, Blood Boil or whatever else before losing targets. Source 

Frost Strike vs magic abilities
By the numbers, Frost Strike should be beating Death Coil. Maybe you can test Frost's Death Coils vs. Frost Strike, which would help answer the question of whether it's Unholy's multipliers on Death Coil or just the base damage of Frost Strike that is causing the difference.

Not so long ago, death knight spells could only crit for 150%. Now that that is no longer the case, some of the melee abilities may be too soft. But at least Death Coil is decent again. Source 

 Druid Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8982 
Swipe target limit removed
We are going to remove the target limit on Swipe. Source 

 Priest Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8982 
Shadow Priests
Assuming you are a Shadow priest, the answer is you are a dps class. We ['re trying to back off the whole utility class thing, which is absolutely what you were in BC. While the mana battery functionality is still something every group is going to want, there are more ways to provide it now. The tradeoff for losing that unique niche is your dps going up. 

Why are shadow priests being out performed by other classes who, in terms of functionality at this point in time, fit into the same niche as shadow priests do? 
Because we're not done. Source 

Prayer of Mending changes and threat issues
We've really buffed threat generation for tanks. Even when broken classes were doing 4500 dps in raids, they weren't pulling off the tanks. We're trying to back off threat management as a major component of grouping though we're not removing it. Raid fights should be more about keeping people alive, knowing the fight, and coordinating with your group. As part of this philosophy, we are trying to make more consistent spells with odd threat rules, and PoM fell into that category.

When threat numbers are very low, then things like PoM going off or even a Renew tick can cause threat problems. We think this is a little sucky and are trying to come up with elegant ways to fix it. While the start of a fight can present this problem, I actually think it's worse once a fight is well undeway and there are adds and spawns of some kind that go right to the healer.

Another reason we changed the way spells like PoM healed was so the healing credit would actually go to the Priest in mods that track such things. Source 

 Rogue Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8982 
Potential rogue buffs / Dev Q&A
In terms of the big raid buffs, the ones we consider rogues bringing are Expose Armor, Wound Poison and Mind Numbing Poison. There are plenty of others more along the lines of Kick and Sap that are harder to quantify. Source 

With that in mind can you tell us any plans that you have to better close this PvE to PvP gap that we're seeing with certain trees? How do you plan to make all three trees viable across the board? 
Yes, this is definitely a priority. It is a lot harder with classes in which all specs are still focused mostly on dps. We understand that some specs are just going to be better for 5-mans, for PvP or for raiding. We're trying to equalize as much as possible, but we're also trying to be realistic about our chances. Source 

How do you plan to deal with talents which ware still considered all too needed by rogues, particularly in the case of Relentless Strikes? Is there any possibility of making Relentless Strikes a core class ability we can all train? 
Mandatory talents are tricky. There are certainly plenty of them in every tree. Every warrior spec without Cruelty is pretty experimental, as is every druid spec without Omen of Clarity. Part of the problem is we keep offering new character levels along with new talents, so each expansion ends up constraining you more and more to one tree. The real red flag, for me at least, is when a spec has so many truly mandatory talents which is a funny thing to say, since it's still a little subjective that they don't have any optional talents. Instead of a cookie-cutter build being something like 20 plus your choice, they become you must get these 24 talents. If that makes sense. 

It is IMPOSSIBLE to create anything but carbon copies of abilities in each of the 3 trees and not have SOME variance. If you want the highest DPS there will ALWAYS be a max DPS...even if by 1 or 2% one spec will ALWAYS be better. 
I think it is very likely there will be a theoretical max dps build. However:
It will probably vary from boss to boss.
It might depend a lot on the skill of the player.
Because there are so many variables by design it may be really hard to "solve the equation" for which actually is the highest dps build.
For 90% of players maybe more that kind of damage difference is in the noise. Very few players can do 2500 dps one night and then 2525 dps another night a 1% difference. Usually the delta is much larger than that because of random elements including things as non-gamey as Internet lag, how tired you are and just bad luck. If taking the most optimal build can't gaurantee you dps higher than the random element in the equation, it may very well not be worth taking. Now if the dps gain is significant by taking the best build, then I agree with you. 

Talent tree balancing
Rogue talents are hard because the class is ultimately very mathy. Without a finite resource like mana, it's easy to analyze every possible move for its cost efficiency and ultimate damage delivery. This is coupled with the fact that it's really easy for a rogue to move among trees. By contrast, before the advent of Frostfire Bolt a fire mage could mostly ignore frost. A shadow priest wants almost nothing in Holy. But having an emphais on poisons or stealth in a rogue tree doesn't make a tree unattractive to a Combat rogue. I'm not trying to make excuses, but perhaps more than any other class, I find that rogues can evaluate a talent's utility pretty easily. It's a cool thing about the class, but it makes talent design challenging.

I think I mentioned this in another thread, but our team has a really amazing rogue theorycrafter who stays really in touch with the community anonymously. We have a surprising number of really good players on the team in general, but I always feel really safe about his conclusions on rogues. But that has also meant fewer blue posts than you deserve, so I'm trying to make up for that. 

[...] I started a bit of a tempest in the warrior forms when I suggested Protection might get new talents that would let it be more PvP viable. But you know, they actually have some things they can do now.... Hopefully we can get 3 rogue trees there too. Source 

 Shaman Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8982 
Enhancement Shamans in WotLK
We view Enhancement as a melee class that should be wearing melee gear. However, one of the interesting things about the shaman is throwing out some spells with that melee too. 

Our view of things is that some smart theorycrafters started wondering if using two fast caster weapons with two flametongue enchants would end up being the right way to go. The way the discussion sort of ended up was "maybe, but it might be close" but a lot of the community took that as a mandate. Or maybe they were just shocked by the supposition because it felt wrong for a melee class. We agree it feels wrong, so we're doing some tweaks to make it even less likely to be the most optimal set up. If you are saving up badges or arena points or whatever for your enhancement shammy, I would definitely NOT go out and get two fast caster weapons. Source 

 Warrior Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8982 
Thunderclap target limit removed
Swipe should not be limited by targets. This goes for Thunderclap too. 
Done. Source 