Boubouille2008-09-10, 12:35 PMReminder - Team Passes for MLG Dallas WoW 3v3 Tournament  on October 3rd - 5th are now available ! You can buy them here  !

Two news for the price of one today, we're updating with a few information about upcoming changes for Shamans and Warlocks !
New beam graphics
Also as a side note Mind Flay is getting an upgraded beam graphic! Warlocks will be getting all new beams too, including Chain Heal for Shamans Source 

 Priest Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8905 
Shadow Power changes
Still some work to do. We're going to be changing Shadow Power to 100% bonus crit damage to be consistent with other classes, also doing some other tweaks. We have a bit more work to do with all classes DPS numbers. 

 Shaman Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8905 
Spectral Transformation replaced
We're going to be dumping Spectral Transformation. We decided we weren't cool with the Shaman's Ghost Wolf being too close to a core Druid iconic ability. What will replace it is a deep Enhancement Talent that will cause your Earthbind totem to clear all snares each time it pulses on you and all nearby friendly targets. Source 

Shaman DPS a lot lower than expected
A lot of tuning still has to be done, but it's safe to say your DPS is a lot lower than what should be expected. All DPS classes/specs after we are done tuning should yield a pretty similar DPS with similar gear/"min/max" speccing. It's going to take a bit of time until we reach that goal, though. Source 

Maelstrom Weapons changes
We will have it proc from Windfury soon. Also we're going to allow it to also allow you to cast heals with Maelstrom procs Source 

 Warlock Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8905 
Corruption - Base instant cast
We're going to make Corruption base instant cast. The Improved Corruption talent will now increase Corruption's damage by 4/8/12/16/20%. Source 

Ruin and Devastation changes
In an upcoming build we are changing Ruin to a 5-point talent. However, it will swap places with Devastation. Devastation will become a 1-point talent 5% spell crit. This will be a minimal change to the Destruction Warlock, while opening up Ruin to other builds without having them sacrifice their 51-point talents. Source 

Metamorphosis changes - details
We recently re-designed Metamorphosis for an upcoming build. Some changes:

- It will no longer remove your pet your pet remains
- It increases your armor by 600%, up from 360%
- It increases all your damage by 40%
- You can still cast your regular Warlock spells
- You gain access two a few new unique Demon Form abilities that can only be used in Demon Form

Among some other improvements. It will be changed back to a 5-minute cooldown, however with a 45 second duration. With the changes to Ruin, you can also get Metamorphosis and Ruin in a build if you wish. Source 

Pandemic
Going to be changing the visual and some other aspects of the talent soon, not going to have the Shadow Bolt graphic Source 