Boubouille2008-09-02, 08:24 AMBuild 8885 - Gundrak Quest Rewards
In the current beta build, Gundrak and Ahn'kahet aren't itemized yet. However, quests are already in the game and their rewards are a good way to give you an idea of the items you can expect in this level 76-78 5 Player dungeon. 

Gal'darah Must Pay - Tol'mar at Dubra'Jin wants you to slay Gal'darah in Gundrak.
QR ZDBlue5 Cloth Spell Waist - PH 
QR ZDBlue5 Plate Physical Waist - PH 

QR ZDBlue5 Mail Physical Waist - PH 
QR ZDBlue5 Leather Physical Waist - PH 


For Posterity - Chronicler Bah'Kini at Dubra'Jin wants you to enter Gundrak and collect 6 Drakkari History Tablets.
QR ZDBlue6 Cloth Healer Boots - PH 
QR ZDBlue6 Plate Healer Boots - PH 
QR ZDBlue6 Mail Healer Boots - PH 

QR ZDBlue6 Leather Physical Boots - PH 
QR ZDBlue6 Plate Physical Boots - PH 


One of a Kind - Chronicler Bah'Kini at Dubra'Jin wants you to enter Gundrak and recover a piece of the Drakkari Colossus.
QR ZDBlue7 Healer Ring - PH 
QR ZDBlue7 Spell Ring - PH 

QR ZDBlue7 Tank Ring - PH 
QR ZDBlue7 Physical Ring - PH 



     

Ongoing Wintergrasp Changes
Here's a quick update on some of the things coming to Wintergrasp over the course of the next few beta updates.

Graveyards will be inaccessible to attackers ie: above normal terrain to put a damper on gy camping.
Ranking up will be based on HKs rather than killing blows was always intended to be HKs
In the case of team imbalances, there will be escalating bonuses to the weaker team for both honor and combat effectiveness... mostly survivability bonuses and potentially easier access to vehicles
The losing team will receive a partial bonus at the end of a battle also based on participation
Players will be able to leave Wintergrasp at any time via a "Leave Battle" UI option similar to leaving a battleground
A variety of daily quests will be introduced to the zone, including quests that are relevant when the battle isn't currently active
Ongoing tuning of vehicle power they're still on the strong side
Ongoing bugfixing and polish



Something else we're hoping to get in, but aren't certain of at this point is the ability to select which graveyard you respawn at. 


Blue posts
World Server is down
This is not uncommon in beta. "World Server Down" means that something is specifically crashing Northrend. On our end, when this happens we track down what is causing the crash and fix it. Some things are easier to find than others. Some things are easier to fix than others. While feedback from Beta testers is absolutely crucial to us, just having people on the server "doing stuff" also reveals a lot to us. I know how annoying it can be to be kicked from the server but you really are helping us get things stable. Source 

Riding Crop
The jury is still out on what's going to happen to the crop. We hope to have a solution soon. The main goal was to get the riding crop out of the trinket slot. It's very common to end up in combat with a riding crop equipped which wasn't very fun. It was also tedious to have to swap trinkets everytime you mounted even with a mod like Outfitter or with macros.

We ran into some technical issues when we switched over to our new mount system. So the crop is somewhat in flux. The main design goal is "not a trinket". Source 

Strand of the Ancients and Wintergrasp Achievements soon
Good suggestion. We're going to be adding Wintergrasp and Strand of the Ancients achievements soon so any brainstorming by you guys is welcome. Now is the time -- let's hear those ideas! Source 

Zhevra Mount achievement not worth points anymore
This one has been changed to be a Feat of Strength. Source 

 Death Knight Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8885 
Obliterate / Scourge Strike
I think Obliterate just needs to do more damage and Scourge Strike less. They are very similar abilities so it's easy to imagine numbers balanced in such a way that Obliterate is fun for Blood when you don't need Death Strike and Scourge Strike is an improvement to Obliterate for Unholy without being the only talent you ever need in that tree. Source 

 Rogue Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8885 
Poison Skills Feats of Strength ?
Gamnin mentioned "We’re removing the Poisons skill and making the finished poisons available on vendors for purchase. This should free up a fair amount of bag space. " We should get a Feats of Strength for having the skill at max before its removal.
This is a cool idea. We'll look into it although depending on how the class team handled the removal of poisons, we may or may not be able to do this as a Feat. Source 