Boubouille2008-08-01, 09:40 AMWrath of the Lich King to be Released in 2008
Shacknews  reported that according to Mike Morhaime Blizzard Entertainment's CEO, Wrath of the Lich King will be released between October and December 2008.

"We have said that it will be coming out this year," Blizzard CEO Mike Morhaime revealed in a conference call today. "I can tell you it's not coming in the July to September quarter."

As for the Wrath of the Lich King beta, Morhaime noted that "testing is going very well." During the call, Morhaime also mentioned that 40% of the World of Warcraft subscribers that left for Age of Conan have since returned.

Source - Shacknews 


PvP Zones Update - Lake Wintergrasp and Strand of the Ancients
The articles for Lake Wintergrasp  and Strand of the Ancients  are here ! In both articles you will find a summary of what we know about each zone mostly from the WWI until we can access them on Beta servers, a few screenshots pictures of the WWI PvP Panels included, and hopefuly a few more things in the upcoming days. 


   


Dungeons Update - Chamber of Aspects and Eye of Eternity
Today we're also adding the Chamber of Aspects  and The Eye of Eternity  to our dungeon pages. As far as we know both zones are single-encounter raid dungeons, the first one will let you fight a black dragon named "Sartharion, the Onyx Guardian". The Eye of Eternity is the last dungeon of the Nexus and will let you face Malygos himself ! 


   


Blue posts


Badge of Justices / Arena & Honor Points in WotLK
The current Badges of Justice should still be obtainable via level 70 heroic dungeons after Wrath of the Lich King launches but only used for level 70 gear. We currently plan to continue with a badge type of system, but new ones will drop in Wrath of the Lich King. Source 
We talked about this a bit in the last episode of BlizzCast, like how we plan to expand on the system and possibly have different tiers of badges and such, so this can't come as a big surprise that you can't stack up 800 Badges of Justice and buy level 80 gear right away. Source 
We are still working out the details on how we want to handle honor/arena points, we'll have more details soon enough though. Source 



 Warrior
Defense is usually a pretty easy stat to max out with gear, whereas you can't really do that on dodge. We saw some tanks actually spec out of Anticipation at the T6 or so level because it just stops being as useful as your gear improves. Hit is another stat we don't really like to hit in talent trees, since it's possible to hit the cap with gear alone. Source 
The problem with the old Shield Block was it was never a choice. It was available so often, and always so useful, that you could just about put a brick on the key you use for Shield Block. We're trying to get Shield Block to feel more like a mini-Shield Wall. Use it when Something Bad is about to happen. We're not trying to nerf it -- we're trying to make it more fun. Source 
We have to be careful with this talent Stalwart Protector because prot warriors are going to generate a lot more rage than before, just because their dps is going to be higher. A lot of tanking gear comes with strength now. Strength is a good stat, and even before the shield block change, it was probably the best +threat stat you have. I sort of feel that for too long we have all emphasized mitigation as the primary role of a tank, when in reality it's only half the job. Doing more dps will let tanks be more fun when not-tanking, and for warriors, might make a lot of rage starvation issues go away. Source 
Devastate includes Sunder Armor as part of its effect. Any benefit to Sunder will apply. Source 



 Mage
Changing Mana Shield - We're talking about it... Source 
Living Bomb - We've considered giving it a knock back or *ahem* "knock up" but we felt that probably wouldn't be desired for what Living Bomb is made for. It works for Thunderstorm Elemental Shaman Talent because Shaman's aren't an AOE class, and because it's cooldown controlled. I don't think we're done yet with Living Bomb, just not completely sure with what we want with it yet. Source 
We nuked Shatter Shield and put it into a talent instead as you've noticed. The new Mage ability has yet to be unveiled... Source 



 Paladin
Like I promised, the paladin changes were more sweeping than most changes. As such, it's going to take us some time to go through a second pass on the abilities and get everything polished up enough to evaluate the shiny, new paladin. I expect we'll be a lot more active on this forum when that happens. Source 
Beacon of Light - We're working on tweaking this spell a bit to make it fit the Paladin's "kit" a bit more... look for the change in an upcoming build. Source 



 Priest
We're actually doing Priest glyphs now, get your ideas in before it's too late!! Source 
Aggro Generation of Aegis / Shields - I am concerned about this, and will make sure it's not too much of a problem. If it is, we can always do a glyph or talent that causes the target to regen rage/runic power etc. when they absorb damage through your spells. That will be a last resort, however. Source 
If you've noticed a lot of the ranks have similar mana costs, though I do agree Mind Sear's mana cost seems particularly high... I've been assured that the mana costs for the new ranks of spells and for the new spells are accurate in relation to the mana pools players will have with the new itemization. We'll make sure the mana cost isn't offensive when we do some internal raid testing in the coming weeks. We also made the ability not work on the primary target because we didn't want Mind Sear to be used as a ghetto Mind Flay and because we found it was annoying when the target you were casting Mind Sear on died, causing you to re-cast it. Source 



 Hunter
The devilsaur is an exotic pet that will ultimately require 51-BM to tame. There are several other exotic pets that are not implemented yet. The moth is not an exotic pet. The size of the devilsaur is not a bug, but I also can't promise it's going to stay that way. It would be awesome if it did, but only if it doesn't cause a bunch of other problems, like clipping through terrain and making it impossible to see mailboxes in Dalaran. Source 




Pictures from Sean - <Fires of Heaven>

     