Boubouille2008-09-17, 08:17 PMWotLK PvP Gear - ilvl 252 and 239 
This is a very small but also very important update to today's news : the first ilvl 252 and ilvl 239 PvP rewards have been discovered on beta servers ! As a comparison, items dropping from Kel'thuzad in the 25 Players version of Naxxramas only have an ilvl 226. 

We're still unsure on how this gear will be deployed when Wrath of the Lich King hits the live servers, it looks like a lot of gear is already ready on the PvP side and it might takes time before we see items this powerful activated on live servers. Obviously this post will be updated if anything new is discovered. 

WotLK PvP Arena Gear - ilvl 252 
 Warlock
LK Arena 6 Warlock Helm 
LK Arena 6 Warlock Shoulders 
LK Arena 6 Warlock Legs 
LK Arena 6 Warlock Chest 
LK Arena 6 Warlock Gloves 

WotLK PvP Honor Gear - ilvl 252
LK Honor 5 Caster DPS Bracers 
LK Honor 5 Caster DPS Belt 
LK Honor 5 Caster DPS Crit Cloak 

WotLK PvP Honor Gear - ilvl 239
LK Honor 4 Melee DPS Hit Cloak 


Naxxramas 25 Loot List - 2 More Items
Two new items have been added to the Build 8926 Raid & Dungeon Loot List , a staff and a belt from Kel'thuzad. 

Weapons - Spell - Staff - Greatstaff of the Nexus 
Cloth - Waist - Leash of Heedless Magic  KT


Upcoming Change: Blizzard Event/Collector's Edition items
Tigole just made a post about an interesting change, in an upcoming build a few items will be bound to account. I'm sure some of these little things will see their price going very high ... in some places. 
The following items will be changed to "Account Bound " items:

Murky Blue Murloc Egg
Tyriel's Hilt
Murloc Costume
All of the collector's edition pets

Also, for the "pet" items, we're making it so that adding the pet to your collection will not remove the item from your inventory. With that change, you'll be able to learn Murky on any character on the same realm with the character that currently has Murky. It also means that if you own the original Collector's Edition, you'll be able to have all 3 pets Zerg, Diablo, Panda by mailing the items between characters. If this works out well in the Beta and people like the change, we'll keep it in. One minor note to current Beta players: If you already "consumed" your item by adding a pet to your collection, you will not be able to get it back. This is a "beta only" side-effect that would not exist in the actual game.