Boubouille2008-08-28, 12:03 PMWotLK Mounts - Spectral Gryphon
Today's mount ... isn't really a mount actually. In the current build of the WotLK beta, people dying in Storm Peaks are resurrected on a ghost flying mount  ! Running to your corpse could be very hard in a region with so many mountains and developpers solved it by giving you a very nice mount. Obviously, its only purpose is to make corpse running easier in the zone and it fades off once you're back among the living. 


 


Build 8820 - Additional Dungeon Loot
A few more items were added to the dungeon loot list  

Halls of Lightning
Tornado Cuffs  Mail - Bracers
Pauldrons of the Lightning Revenant  Plate - Shoulders 
Ionar's Girdle  Plate - Belt
Thundercloud Grasps  Cloth - Hands

The Occulus
Dragonflight Great-Ring  Others - Ring


Lake Wintergrasp Upcoming Changes
We’re hoping to get the zone into better shape in the next couple patches. Here’s a few things that should be coming in the next build:

• All vehicles should be despawn after the battle ends
• Demolisher and Siege Vehicle health has been reduced by 50-75%
• Demolisher and Siege Vehicle ram attacks no longer knock a player high enough to kill them
• Jet & Bomber health has been reduced
• Bomber damage has been increased
• Players in Bombers should no longer take damage
• Reward for holding the keep has been added
• The Goblin Workshops in the North and South now also supply players with land mines that deal bonus damage to tanks

We also hope to have a system for rewarding only players that participated in the battle working soon. 


Blue posts
Profession recipes collection achievements
We're working on the ability to do these kind of achievements. We wouldn't do anything percentage based but rather choose a flat number and add more achievements as we add more content.

Most likely, you'll see a cooking version like this in the near future. Versions for the primary professions won't go live until account-based achievements are active. We don't want to encourage people picking up and dropping profressions simply to gain achievements. Source 

Feats of Strength - Spirit of Competition 2008
Great idea. We implemented two Feats... one for the Tabard and one for the Pet. Source 

 Shaman Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8820 
Anticipation / Shamanistic Focus changes / Windfury concerns
One change we're doing to Anticipation is changing it to 3-points, and giving it disarm reduction. We are also most likely going to change Shamanistic Focus to make it a flat mana reduction in shock cooldowns. It's too spammy right now, and the class has too many on proc buffs. Source 

Edit: BTW, one thing I totally agree with is the Windfury Weapon concern. We'll see if we can make the ability less complicated/"mathy". 

 Warlock Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8820 
Warlock changes and Patch 3.0 Deployment
We'll be doing some considerable work on Warlocks before that patch hits. Source 

 Warrior Skills List  / Talent Calc. 8820 
Furious Attacks
This talent will see some revision before retail so don't worry about a world where warriors are dual wielding daggers for MS bonanzas. Source 


BlizzCon Ticket Drawing Winners Selected
The winners of the BlizzCon 2008 Ticket Drawing have been chosen. We’ve sent emails to 1,500 randomly selected eligible Blizzard Account holders containing instructions for purchasing up to two tickets to the show. For your security, please note that in this email we are not asking winners to email us credit card information directly, nor are we asking winners to call Blizzard for any reason.

If we still have tickets remaining after this initial round, we will select more winners from the original opt-in pool. We will make an announcement on our websites once all tickets available have been sold. For more information, refer to the BlizzCon Ticket Drawing FAQ:  


BlizzCast Episode 5: Special WWI Edition
Nothing really related to the game itself in this Blizzcast, but still a nice read if you're interested in what happened during the Worldwide Invitational. 
This special Worldwide Invitational wrap-up edition of BlizzCast begins with a brief chat between RTS Community Manager Karune, World of Warcraft Community Manager Nethaera, and Diablo III Community Manager Bashiok about their WWI experiences. Bashiok then takes you into the mind of Diablo III Lead Designer Jay Wilson, and the two discuss some recent hot issues surrounding the game. Listen to the show now or check out the transcript to see all the featured artwork.

Download the new episode here:
 

Transcript for the new episode:
 


World of Warcraft Downloads for Your Phone
Don't get too happy about this, there are a bunch of nice things to download here but you will have to pay 1.50€ / $1.99 for a wallpaper and 3€ / $3 for a ringtone. 
Carry a little piece of Azeroth wherever your real-world travels take you with our new World of Warcraft-themed wallpapers and ringtones for your phone. They’re part of a new service that lets you download content related to your favorite Blizzard Entertainment games to supported mobile phones.

Over 50 pieces of content are currently available, including ringtones of World of Warcraft’s capital city themes and the distinctive murloc gurgle, as well as wallpapers featuring character artwork, class and faction emblems, and more. Visit the new Mobile Ringtones and Wallpapers page for more information -- and while you’re there, be sure to check out our StarCraft and Diablo mobile content, too.