Boubouille2008-11-27, 02:50 PMArchavon Encounter Changes
Due to the high quality of the items attainable through the Archavon encounter in Wintergrasp, we are going to be making some changes. To keep the encounter in line with the rewards, we have changed the Raid Lock from a 3-day to a 7-day timer.

Additionally, we have raised Archavon’s hit points, in heroic, to keep the quality of item on par with the challenge of the encounter. 

Blizzard's off to DreamHack!
DreamHack Winter is back, and Blizzard Entertainment will be there! We've partnered with TeliaSonera to give this year's attendees a chance to play Blizzard's upcoming StarCraft II and the recently released World of Warcraft: Wrath of the Lich King.

You'll find us next to the DreamArena, where Blizzard representatives will be on hand to answer questions, chat with players, and demonstrate the games. We'll also be running several contests featuring great prizes, including the Lich King's legendary sword Frostmourne -- though don't be surprised if Arthas himself shows up to try to stop you from winning.

This year's DreamHack Winter takes place from 27 to 30 November at Elmia in Jönköping, Sweden. For more information on the event, visit the DreamHack website. We look forward to seeing you there!

DreamHack website:
 


Blue posts
Naxxramas - Four Horsemen chest
We're not happy with the need for everyone in the raid to individually open a dungeon and raid chest to grab their badge inside, and currently examining possibilities for making this easier. Source 

Violet Hold - Door Blocked
I'm examining possible solutions for how to get players who die and release back into the event area. What seems simple in concept can sometimes be really tricky to implement. Source 

Spells with knockback effects
We understand the problem here and have heard it from many players, especially tanks. The knockbacks can be useful when leveling or in PvP, but they do annoy some dungeon and raid groups. We are talking about adding minor glyphs to the spells with knockback effects. They would add some small benefit, cooldown reduction perhaps, in return for removing the knockback. Source 

Parry Hasting removed?
The reduced swing time for a creature's next swing after it successfully parries an attack still exists in the game, and the vast majority of all creatures in WoW use the mechanic. Note that we have the ability to flag specific creatures to not be affected by this mechanic if we so choose for balance purposes. An example of such a creature would be Patchwerk, a very high melee damage dealing raid boss. Source 

[EU] Free Character Migration Source 
The following Free Character Migration will be available from November 26th to December 2nd: 

Al'Akir => Dentarg, Xavius
Argent Dawn => Darkmoon Faire, Steamwheedle Cartel, The Sha'tar
Burning Legion => Ahn'Qiraj, Daggerspine
Crushridge => Bladefist, Karazhan
Drak'thul => Burning Blade, Deathwing
Grim Batol => Dentarg, Xavius
Magtheridon => Zenedar, Haomarush Horde only
Neptulon => Ahn'Qiraj, Daggerspine
Outland => Bladefist, Karazhan
Ravencrest => Burning Blade, Deathwing
Sylvanas => Auchindoun, Lightning's Blade
Twilight's Hammer => Auchindoun, Lightning's Blade

Additionally please note we also have free character migration from some realms to the new realm Chamber of Aspects. For more information, please check the following thread:  

 Hunter Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Spirit Beast vs Devilsaur
We're aware of the Lovegevity bug. We'll get that fixed and then adjust the dps as necessary. It should be a choice equivalent to a Devilsaur, but we don't want the Spirit Beast to be far and away the best pet choice. I don't think any of you are asking for that, but sometimes my quotes have a way of being taken out of context. Source 

 Paladin Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Why the removal of auras cooldown didn't happen
I posted some time ago that we weren't sure we were going to go through with this change after all. We really didn't like the idea of a paladin having to or being asked by the group to keep say Devotion Aura up but swap to the fire resist aura just before an incoming PoM Pyro in PvP or a dragon breath in PvE.

Auras are supposed to be something you generally choose before a battle, not a reactive ability like Spell Reflect that you swap in and out of depening on what is happening in the fight. Getting rid of the GCD makes them feel like you are supposed to use them reactively. Source 

 Shaman Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Upcoming Elemental Shaman changes
The Unrelenting Storms change was less about trying to fix non-existent mana issues and more because that talent was pretty severely underbudget. You can't always compare talents between classes, but in this case you could find similar talents that gave a lot more for only 3 points.

We still have some plans to do more with totems, but those will be a little longer coming.

We'll have to monitor the LB vs. CL choices. It's not a bad situation if you favor CL more on group pulls and LB more on single targets. This will be a good thing to evaluate on the PTR.

As always, I'm just reporting changes that the class designers came up with as a group. Feel free to give them the credit for anything you like and me the blame for anything you don't.

We don't want to announce when this patch will go live for the reasons we usually don't announce such things. But you will see the changes in the next minor content patch, which is not the same as a hotfix or weekly maintenance, but isn't the same as a major content patch with a new raid either. Source 


New Fan Art: Where Did He Go?
A new fan art has been added to the official site .... Where Did He Go? 


 