Boubouille2008-11-03, 08:38 PMMore blue posts! We're now 10 days away from the release of Wrath of the Lich King !

 Warlock: Corruption and Immolate
The coefficients of these spells were hotfixed last Thursday I believe.

Corruption's coefficient went from 0.156 to 0.20.
Immolate's coefficient went from 0.13 to 0.20.

This ends up being a reasonably significant dps buff to all 3 specs. In our preliminary testing, Demonology may have benefited the most.

Please recognize the changes these numbers will have on your class when making subsequent posts. 


Blue posts
Patch 3.0.3 release date
The plan is to release 3.0.3 before Lich King goes live. I think you can imagine the problems we'd have if that didn't happen. It's possible there will be some kind of last minute mega bug that stops us in our tracks, but I don't know of one at the moment. Source 

Class balancing and Arenas in WotLK
We've handled class balance adjustments differently over the course of the game. We used to do the big passes where every patch was someone's turn to get overhauled. On the plus side, players really looked forward to these and it did build a lot of excitement. On the down side, we felt like we needed to tweak classes that in our estimate didn't really need a lot of tweaking. It also took so long to get back to the earlier reviewed classes again that new balance problems had crept up.

We didn't make a lot of changes during BC. In part the whole concept of Arenas was new to us and we didn't want to suddenly nerf someone massively in the middle of a season. We also changed some specs quite a bit, really getting specs like Prot paladin and Shadow priest into raids for the first time. We knew it would take some time for players to adjust. You always have to be careful making adjustments. Even if we did nothing, the game would change over time because the community would figure out new rotations, new ways to use gear, and new responses in PvP. It's hard sometimes to predict when we really need to intervene or when players will just adapt.

I will say that we realize the Arena design, while overall a positive experience, has put class balance under a powerful microscope, and we're not sure that's in the best interest of the game. We also made some pretty dramatic changes to classes as well as combat mechanics, so when problems arise, we do need to be able to respond to them.

I do think you will see classes adjusted more frequently than occured in the past. There will be a lot of tweaking shortly after LK ships, but still substantial changes even beyond that. Some will be us responding to the state of the game and some will just be new things we want to try or new solutions to old problems or just things we can finally get around to taking a look at. Source 

Raiding in WotLK
I think it's too early to say. We just haven't gotten to that content yet. Everything that follows beyond this point is just my random brain dumping and not our official stance:
Raiding is easy at the moment. Even Naxx will be pretty easy. Part of that is because we thought Karazhan, Gruul and Magtheridon were too steep a jump in difficulty from the heroics. Part of that is because most of the Naxx encounters are well-understood.
You will not be able to AE tank and AE burn down every encounter in Lich King like we're all doing now in Hyjal and Sunwell.
Very few players experienced Sunwell pre-nerf.
On the other hand, those that did were generally very complimentary of the encounters. Despite the difficulty, people had fun.
No matter how difficult we make content, very hardcore groups will probably still finish it quickly. In other words, we can't make "insanely difficult" the barrier that keeps a boss alive for months.
It's probably okay if some content is only seen by a few players. It just amps up the epic quotient of those fights. Everyone knew who Ragnaros was, even if they hadn't been able to beat him.
Obviously the preceeding is a very slippery slope and it's easy to make content too difficult or too easy.
Part of the reason Sunwell was difficult was it mandated raid stacking. The buff / debuff system has changed so much that we don't anticipate that happening again the same way.
We really like optional objectives that let skilled groups really test their mettle and then show off about it. I'm talking about things like the 45-min Baron run, ZA bear run, and Chamber of the Aspects with all drakes up. Does this mean Arthas will be doable by many groups but the uber mode to beat him will be 10x as hard and offer better loot? We're just not there yet. Source 

Additional items in the currency frame
We wanted to evaluate the new feature before we converted everything over. Consider, for example, that there is no way to ever delete currency. Once those items go in, they are going to be there forever, even if you consider them irrelevant junk. Now we could choose to add a means to delete currency -- that's what I mean by evaluating the feature. Source 

Free Character Moves - 10/28 to 11/4 Update
The following set of Free Character Moves realms have been taken down ahead of time due to transfer goals being met. We will continue to watch all of the realms and make further transfers available as needed.
Source B PvE - Zul'jin, Area 52, Medivh, Thrall, Doomhammer
Destination B PvE - Terokkar Source 

 Druid Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Balance tree scaling
We don't think Balance dps is far above Elemental at 80, if in fact it's high at all. Posting numbers from a theorycrafting spreadsheet does not provide solid proof. The only way to detect a trend at all is to generate very large datasets of both specs in a raid setting. Nobody actually has access to those data yet. Until then, pretty much everything is speculation and informed guesses even on our part.

We do think that there may be a problem where Elemental's dps will eventually drop down because they don't have as many scaling talents as Balance. But this won't occur with gear currently available in the game -- it's more of an eventual risk and we have plenty of time to address it. It's also possible that Balance scales too well. That's why we haven't taken any steps to adjust either spec so far. Source 

Developer Q&A Source 
1 Some feral tanking concerns regarding gear are valid. While there are pieces of tanking gear out there that have our needs tailored into them, the vast majority of tanking filler pieces cater to the other 3 tanking classes. Is there anything being done about this?
We are talking long and hard about Feral tank itemization right now. As I mentioned on the beta forums, we may end up pulling bonus armor altogether. 

2 Nurturing Instinct is a talent that still increases healing done by agility. I am sure several druids out there agree that this is not in-sync with Blizzard's shift to Spell Power. Is anything being done about this?
There are still talents that affect just healing and not damage. It is consistent with that philosophy. 

3 Feral Survivability in PvP got hurt a lot. I have heard that there are things in the works to try and fix this. Can you confirm whether this is being looked at?
We have not come to the conclusion that Ferals have become significantly more squishy than anyone else. We believe ALL classes are a little squishy at 70 and the new talents might even continue the trend at 80 which is one reason we buffed resilience. 

4 Typhoon is a spell that is a main tool in PvP; but several druids feel that it is lacking. Is there any way to consider a 3 second daze or lengthening the distance of the knockback?
When I last researched this spell, it tossed players more slowly than mobs, which made it not actually get opponents as far away as we intended. 

5 Typhoon and Force of Nature: Why two 41pt talents? Seems a little controversial to me. Poor protection paladins can get a single 11 pointer but here we stand with two 41 pointers? Can one of these become trained?
There are inconsistencies like this throughout the trees. It's not a hard and fast rule that the 11, 21, 31, 41 and 51 talents are clickies. We bumped Typhoon up because it felt very PvP oriented to be the bottom talent, yet it filled a niche that we thought was lacking for Balance. 

6 Base damage was increased on Starfire and Wrath, and numbers have changed in PvE DPS; but as we all know, increasing the base numbers doesn't necessarily increase your DPS on the long run. At tier 7, Balance druids compete fairly well, but I am looking more into tier 8/9: Do they still compete? 
From our tests, yes. They scale very well with better gear, in part because they receive extra benefits from Int and Spirit.

7 Restoration druids have had their HPS slightly nerfed from Lifebloom their main arsenal. I understand that you want to give more diverse tools to handle different situation, but I am sure that everyone agrees that each healer has a "staple" role. The nerf, I understand, came mainly due to PvP implications, is there any way to bump this spell a bit though?
The assumption was that it came for PvP reasons, but we also knew that the "right" way to heal PvE as Resto was to keep rolling LBs on 2-3 players at the expense of almost anything else. As I've said before, it was the answer to any healing problem a druid got into. Resto has a huge repetoire of heals now, and we still think LB will be a big part of that. 

8  Survival Instincts is a great spell that we needed. It along with Barkskin and thank you for it gave us much needed buttons to press in stressful situations, but I must be greedy: why did we get an exact copy of the warrior’s 11 point talent? Couldn’t there have been a strong regenerative talent or something that play’s to nature’s theme in this stead?
Honestly, it's because many Ferals at the time felt like they couldn't compete without that ability and many are still asking for Shield Wall. It's a delicate balance, and honestly our prediliction is usually to err on the side of making classes more different. Yet witness the uproar over Protector of the Pack just because it comes with a nuisance-level drawback that warriors don't have that latter point tends to be the sticky part.

The one different thing about Survival Instinct is it is also really useful for cat-focused Ferals, while Last Stand tends to be used by tanks only. We let Survivial Instinct be used by cats for that reason. 

 Hunter Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
PvP at level 80
I acknowledge that hunters struggled in the previous Arena seasons. I think it's vastly premature to say the situation is worse now when so few players have even been able to try Arenas at 80. We changed the hunter class quite a bit and we changed all of the other classes you were fighting as well. We don't feel particularly confident predicting what is going to happen in the next arena season, so I'm going to take with a grain of salt anyone who can sort of cleverly intuit what the state of PvP balance will be in LK.

Will we have specs that are too dominant and others that aren't viable? Probably, and we'll work to get both of those cases addressed. Are hunters in either of those camps? We'll all know soon enough. Source 

 Priest Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Mind Flay bug fix
We rebuilt Mind Flay to make it work under the new system. It's now much more like Arcane Missiles, so the possibility does exist you can clip some of the ticks. It's possible for us to rebuild the spell again, but that will mean changing a lot of talents which introduces the possibility of bugs so we need to make sure this is absolutely necessary first.

Can anyone else comment on Misery falling off? It could get overwritten by Improved Faerie Fire and if you're playing with a sloppy Moonkin, it's possible they put the debuff up and then let it fall off. 

[...] The problem in this case is that the glyph did not remove the snare -- it just set the effect to zero. So the trinket etc. still could cancel the spell. Because there is no easy way to have the glyph remove the snare component entirely, we recently made a change so that the glyph instead lowers the snare to a very small percent. Source 


 Rogue Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Cloak of Shadows
Whenever we have seen a problem like this in Cloak, it is usually because the CoS is used after the target spell is cast but before it lands. Because of the way the Internet itself is built, split-second timing like this is very subject to latency problems. Even if you think you hit the button in time, the Internet disagrees with you.

We'll take a look at Cloak of Shadows though and make sure it isn't being affected incorrectly by diminishing returns though. Source 

 Shaman Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Elemental DPS vs. Balance
We don't think Balance dps is far above Elemental at 80, if in fact it's high at all. Posting numbers from a theorycrafting spreadsheet does not provide solid proof. The only way to detect a trend at all is to generate very large datasets of both specs in a raid setting. Nobody actually has access to those data yet. Until then, pretty much everything is speculation and informed guesses even on our part.

We do think that there may be a problem where Elemental's dps will eventually drop down because they don't have as many scaling talents as Balance. But this won't occur with gear currently available in the game -- it's more of an eventual risk and we have plenty of time to address it. It's also possible that Balance scales too well. That's why we haven't taken any steps to adjust either spec so far.

If I had to guess, we will redirect some of Elemental's deep talents more towards raw damage than just utility, but that's just a guess at his point and not an official announcement. Source 

Restoration tree
When we sat down to design Resto for LK, tops on everyone's list was to get them to CAST ANOTHER SPELL SOMETHING ANYTHING! A lot of the talents were designed to do just that. We even considered some draconian measures to discourage CH spamming, like cooldowns and the like.

Then a smart designer in the room it wasn't me asked why was there so much CH hate. Yes, shamans used it a lot, but you know, it is a pretty distinctive, inconic spell. We decided rather than try to make CH a bad spell, we'd just leave in those new talents to get you to cast other spells once in awhile. The difference is we think you'll still cast CH 90% of the time or whatever, but maybe that remaining 10% will require you to think a little differently about what to cast and at least it's not 100%. Source 

 Warlock Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Metamorphosis not permanent
When I say we don't want it to be permanent, I mean that we don't want another class that doesn't look like the player race.

When we're tossing around potential new spells in an expansion, one of the guidelines is to avoid adding a long-term pet or a long-term alternate form. We feel like we have gone to that particular trough to drink plenty of times already. From a lazy designer perspective it's easy to look to other classes when coming up with new ideas, so we try not to overdo that. Having a permanent demon form just crosses a line for us. We already have druids and Shadow form.

When I said one of the reasons we rejected Camo because stealth was supposed to be a special thing for rogues and cats, hunters challenged that notion by trying to appeal to logic or pointing out other inconsistencies. But this isn't the kind of thing you can debate your way into or out of. We just don't want to add more pet classes or more shifting classes to the game.

Summoning a temporary pet is fine, though we've almost done that one to death, and turning into an alternate form temporarily is fine. Source 

Warlock development process through beta
When we set out to work on the classes in Lich King, we had some specific goals for each one. Our mission was not to overhaul every class. We had specific things we want to accomplish.

For locks, the list looked something like this:
Give Destro a rotation that involved more than just Shadowbolt.
Make sure Affliction had dps comparable with the difficulty in pulling off the rotation.
Get locks to care more about pets without it just being Imps in PvE and Felhunters in PvP and sac'ing pets as often as possible.
Get the Felguard back out and make the Infernal and Doomguard not a joke.
Make the dps stones something someone might actually use.
Make Affliction care more about Shadow and Destro fire.
Get Demo back into the PvE game again.
Get rid of the hassles with demon training.

Now that Lich King is virtually done, we've moved on to some different topics. This is a partial list, but includes things like:
Make sure locks do rogue / hunter / mage level dps at 80.
Make sure locks have enough survivability in PvP since we nerfed a lot of it.
Fix some of those deep Demo talents that really aren't worth the investment.
Make shards more interesting and less of a hassle.
Get the Voidwalker and possibly Succubus? back out.
Look at the dps spells that cost shards.
Try and make more of the dots a consistent length, so that Affliction's rotation doesn't require such a big brain.
Get dots to either scale with crit or just crit.

I know that's vauge, and I'm reconstructing the list off the top of my head. Of course I imagine we'll add to that list once we see what the 3 specs actually look like at 80 with thousands of people playing them. Source 

Demonic Pact / Empathy
Demonic Pact and Demonic Empathy are two talents we'd like to work on. Source 