Boubouille2008-12-22, 02:16 PM<script src=""></script>Patch 3.0.8 - More changes!
A few additional changes from the 3.0.8 PTRs

Reputation
You can now get full reputation gains from grey monsters, for exemple you will get 20 Reputation points for killing normal monsters while grinding your Timbermaw Hold  reputation.

Item changes
I think I newsed a few of them in previous news, but most of them should be new. 
All the items sold by the Argent Quartermaster  during the latest Scourge Invasion aren't disenchantable anymore.
Reins of the Traveler's Tundra Mammoth  can no longer be sold back to the NPCs for 5000 gold. 
Titansteel Helms now all have a blue and a meta gem socket. Some of them also got their stats changed/reduced. Spiked Titansteel Helm , Tempered Titansteel Helm , Brilliant Titansteel Helm  As a reminder the spell power on Titansteel Guardian  has been reduced from 490 to 457.
Darkmoon Card: Death  now gives critical strike rating instead of haste.
Savage  / Hateful  / Deadly Gladiator's Dreadplate Gauntlets  had their bonus to Strangulate cooldown removed. They now gives "Whenever you cast Chains of Ice, the Frost Rune used becomes a Death Rune when it activates". 
Je'Tze's Bell  is now Bind When Equipped.
All the Off-hand items crafted through Inscription ;cr=86;crs=15;crv=0#0-2+1 had their Inscription level requirement removed. Screenshot: Faces of Doom , Iron-bound Tome 
Amanitar Skullbow  had its stats changed/fixed. Screenshot 
Handwraps of Preserved History  had its stats considerably reduced. Screenshot 
Battlemap Hide Helm  had its stats considerably reduced. Screenshot 
MOLL-E  is now a rare item, lasts 10 minutes up from 5, with a 8 hour cooldown Down from 1 day. Screenshot 
Dragon's Eye  and epic gems like Bold Dragon's Eye  now only requires 350 Jewelcrafting. Down from 375. Screenshot 
Wintergrasp Mark of Honor  is now stackable up to 1000. 
Ebonweave Robe , Moonshroud Robe  and Spellweave Robe  can now be sold to NPCs and/or disenchanted.
Fire Seed  and Fire Leaf  both had their bonus removed. Fire Seed is now a gray item.


Blue posts
 [color=#C41E3A] Death Knight Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Tanking as frost
We adjusted Frost Presence to make up for the nerfs to Icebound Fortitude, Bone Shield and the change to bonus armor from jewelry etc. Most raiding DK tanks were Unholy at the time, though they have begun to branch out a little.

Both of those abilities are intended to be more like Shield Block or Last Stand, not something that is up all the time like Frost Presence itself. In most of the estimates I have seen that figure this is a huge nerf use pretty unrealistic estimates of how much Bone Shield is up thinking their avoidance can make up for the charges. But we can check out numbers again. Source 

Cooldown removed on Howling Blast in the latest PTR patch
It is an intended change. We're going to try it without a cooldown. Source 

 Druid Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Allow Wild Growth to count towards Nourish bonus
Yeah, there is a good chance we'll do this. Source 

 Hunter Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Better scaling on hunter's pets to compensate the recent nerfs?
That scaling idea is interesting. We'll talk about it some more. Source 

Comcast Players: Please Read
This issue is resolved according to Blizzard, but a lot of players are still experiencing problems. If you're one of them you might want to check the original post. 
Update: We have received confirmation that the issues affecting Comcast player's connectivity to World of Warcraft are now resolved. If you are still having trouble playing World of Warcraft and are Comcast user, please visit our technical support forums and provide the information instructed in the appropriate Comcast sticky thread so that we can work to resolve any issues that may be outstanding.

We have been in communication with Comcast and several other internet backbone and service providers in efforts to isolate and bring to resolution the connectivity issues that have impacted the ability for some Comcast players to play World of Warcraft. As of this morning a 3rd party network who resides between Blizzard's network and Comcast's network informed us that they were experiencing an issue which may be the cause of problems that Comcast players have been experiencing.

We remain in contact with this provider and at this time do not have an ETA but this issue is being looked into by all parties involved. We will continue provide updates as they become available. 


Dark Legacy Comic #170
Dark Legacy Comic #170  is out.


 