Boubouille2008-11-24, 06:41 AM<script src=""></script>First player to get "Glory of the Hero"
Yesterday, Negiva  from Forlorn Legacy  was as far as I know the first player to achieve Glory of the Hero  That's a total of 39 achievements spread among all the heroic instances of the expansion, the reward is the 280% speed Red Proto-Drake  flying mount. Update: It seems that Method  got it slightly before Forlorn Legacy, it's probably not as important as first kills but still worth mentioning, let's say that Negiva got the US first!


 

Negiva was nice enough to answers a few of our questions. 

MMO-Champion: Hello Negiva, can you tell us a bit more about you? 
 Negiva: I play a dwarf warrior called Negiva on US Windrunner. I am in the guild Forlorn Legacy.

MMO-Champion: How much time did it take to complete all 39 achievements ?
 Negiva: It took me about a week from 80 to get all the achievements. I played A LOT though over the course of the week, and i'm sort of a casual now since I don't raid anymore  is that the definition of a casual? I think i'm a hardcore casual :X 

MMO-Champion: What was the hardest achievement? The easiest one? 
 Negiva: The hardest one is definitely Gotta Go!  from Azjol'Nerub. I don't know if it was intended to be done the way we did it, though when we found out the strategy for it, it still definitely required quite a bit of time to get it done in under 2 mins. There is also Lockdown!  from Violet Hold. Though it's not hard at all, RNG makes it the most annoying or the easiest achievement. I had to buy an instance for the final boss that I needed for that achievement. The easiest one in my opinion would have to be a tie between Shatter Resistant  from Halls of Lightning and Oh Novos!  from Drak'tharon. Those are ones you can get without knowing about it or thinking about it.

MMO-Champion: Lately we heard a lot of complaints about how easy feels the game for some players, what are your views on that ? Do you think it was actually too easy to get this achievement ?
 Negiva: The game definitely does feel a lot easier now, in terms of heroics/raiding itself and attaining gear. I think that is a good thing though, since it caters to the majority of players, and that is always a smart decision. I do feel that Blizzard needs to release Ulduar soon and show that they are still capable of making challenging encounters, because a lot of the top guilds and people who love a challenge are probably questioning Blizzard's designs now, especially since we got an incredible instance in Sunwell just before WotlK.

In terms of getting the achievement...while I won't say they are hard, they did require a lot of "creative" thinking on my part and the guys who helped me out. I feel that you need a good group of people to do some of them, even if you do understand what needs to be done. I'm sure as time goes on gear will make a lot of them easier. This achievement is definitely doable in pre-raid gear though imo, as long as you understand your class and are decked out with heroic loot.

MMO-Champion: Did you run the instances with guild members only or did you PUG some of them ? Do you think it's actually possible for a casual gamer to get this achievement through pick up groups?
 Negiva: I ran many of the instances with guild members. It was really hard to convince people to do them at first, since 39 achievements are kind of overwhelming, and some of them did seem impossible on the first try. I did semi-pug a few of them, and did a few of them. Most pugs could accomplish most of them pretty easily provided they know what had to be done. It's definitely possible for a casual gamer to get the achievement too, since I got it! Seriously though, I think casual players will have a hard time getting it done in pugs, though if they find 4 other good players, i'm sure it will be possible for them too.

MMO-Champion: I assume that some of your guild mates spent a lot of time helping with that, anyone you want to thank?
 Negiva: Yes. I want to thank everyone in my guild for helping me out with this achievement, especially Shifft, Gamas, Somara, Desecrate, Altima, Kainen, Aurelius, Sixpence, and everyone else who put up with my crazy ideas and spent countless tries wiping to test them =P

MMO-Champion: Thank you for taking the time to answer those questions! 
 Negiva: And thank you too! I think the real achievement will be the raider ones, so it will be interesting to see who gets those first. Those are basically the bragging rights of top guilds at this stage of the game with everything being so easy!


Blue posts
Loot distribution
We view loot distribution at least in part as a social issue. You are always going to run into situations where someone wants to roll against you on an item that is of questionable value to them. As far as two classes legitimately needing the same item, we view that as a good thing. It's a better place to be than when items always drop that nobody can use. Source 

 Druid Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Are there plans to make Savage Roar persist through shapeshifting, but only affect cat form?
Yes, we are making this change. Source 

The new Feral mana talent
It will probably be something like Primal Tenacity reducing the cost of Bear Form, Cat Form, and Dire Bear Form by 17/33/50% in addition to its current effects. Source 

Upcoming Feral changes clarifications Source 
Defenders code has 850 armor. Is that considered bonus armor? if so than it does not get modified by thick hide and will continue to be 850 armor no matter what.
Defender's Code will grant 850 armor unless you have the meta-gem.

if the wording you posted in your previous post holds true, than obviously only the 8 item slots will be affected by SOTF, but what thick hide affects even with your new post is still ambiguous.
Thick Hide, Dire Bear and Survival of the Fittest only affect base armor. This is the armor on all the base armor on your gear. Leather never has bonus armor, so it's not complicated. Rings, necks, trinkets and weapons can have bonus armor. This is usually shown with the armor number in green, but confusingly, not always. Cloaks are complicated because they have base armor which is multiplied and sometimes bonus armor which is not. 

requesting further clarification of what exactly thick hide will and will not multiply. 
Thick hide multiplies the base armor on leather and cloaks. 

also, what exactly does the meta effect, from your wording it looks like it will affect everything. 
The meta gem increases all your armor so it's just a 2% bonus to everything. You want this gem. Fortunately it is not a rare drop like some of the other gear so we know you can get it. 

finally, in a previous post, you stated that all armor item budget would be reallocated on staves. For example my staff from heroic halls of lightning has 700 armor. Will it continue to have 700 armor that just no longer gets multiplied by anything, or will those item budgets be spent and the staff will gain purely random here say 20 agi and 30 stam? 
It will get 700 armor that is not multiplied by anything except the meta. 

I just don't understand one thing. You said this won't effect any items value, rather just open up druids to using other weapons. Well, take these two staves: [1]  [2]  They both have 2084 feral AP attached to them, but they both have different DPS. How are you going to calculate feralAP from the dps and expect to get the same number from each? One is going to be higher/lower, and will consequently gain/lose value. Are you going to adjust the DPS on all staves or something? 
We'll change the dps to be the appropriate FAP. This change won't affect anyone but druids who currently don't care about the dps at the moment. And to answer another question, yes, if you really want to you can use fishing poles. Generally their stats are not great though. 

 Rogue Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Rogue DPS in PvE
Rogue dps seems to be high in heroics and raids. We are not seeing the case where rogues get skipped over for these runs. I can understand rogues feeling left out when so many groups are AE'ing their way through the lower level 5-player instances at the moment. We don't expect that strategy to continue to Naxx however. Source 

 Shaman Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Elemental Shaman DPS
We think Elemental shaman damage is fine at current gear levels. Part of this dps is dependent on Lava Burst so you'll likely see a significant jump when you get it. We do have concerns about Elemental not keeping up in dps with other casters at higher gear levels than we offer currently and as a result I have already said we are looking to change some of the Elemental talents very soon. I hope to have more details on these changes before too long. Source 


Dark Legacy Comic #166
Dark Legacy Comic #166  is out!


 