Boubouille2008-11-28, 10:20 AMWotLK Mounts Update - Green Proto-Drake
A new drop location has been added to the mounts list  The Green Proto-Drake  is actually a very? rare drop from the Mysterious Egg  rewarded by The Oracles  in Sholazar Basin. I guess the choice between them and the Frenzyheart Tribe  will be much easier now. Thanks to Dalan  from US-Korgath for his forum post 


 


WotLK Quests - Monsters Drop
Ever wondered why you can't get the quest achievement for a zone in WotLK? It might be because you missed a quest dropped by a monster ! I did most of this list during the beta but I don't think anything changed in the live version of the game. Note: The tooltips won't work for quests with multiple quests/items depending on faction 


 


Blue posts
Thanksgiving also means slow news day. Hopefully I've got a few more WotLK pages almost completed and you shouldn't even feel bored in the next days.
 Hunter Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Spirit Beasts and additional pets
We wanted to have a difficult to get pet for those hunters who enjoyed the challenge of it in the old days. We wanted to make sure the Spirit Beast was not absolutely the best pet for that reason. We will probably add more over time. Source 

 Paladin Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Retribution nerf and PvP
We said before that if toning down Ret burst made them no longer very good at Arenas that we would be willing to give them additional utility. We just don't think the proverbial writing on the wall is that clear yet. We'll know a lot more in a few weeks. Source http://

 Priest Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Mind Flay "bug"
If I had any more information, I would give it. We changed the way Mind Flay worked, which introduced the problem you referenced. It is not technically a bug, but it's still annoying and we'd like to get it fixed. We're not sure if rebuilding the spell is the right answer or if there are other things we can do.

It is going to be really hard for me to continually repost on the same topics just to say "We haven't forgotten." Source 


Sartharion + 3 Drakes by vodka
I didn't post any raid video since the release of Wrath of the Lich King, mostly because the starting raid content isn't as hard as what we experienced in The Burning Crusade. Let's try to fix this today with a video of Sartharion + 3 Drakes  by vodka  Shaman PoV! 


 