Boubouille2009-01-10, 07:12 AMAccount-Wide Death Knight Creation
With the next minor content update for World of Warcraft, we will be opening up death knight character creation so that if the account you play already has a level 55 or higher character in World of Warcraft, you will be able to create a new death knight on any realm within your region. Please keep in mind that restrictions still apply to new, non-transfer realms such that death knights cannot be created on those realms until you level a character to level 55 on that realm or until transfer restrictions are removed. For any players considering creating a new death knight, we wanted to give an early heads-up, in case you wished to create a new death knight on a realm other than the one where your characters currently reside.

If you have any further questions on creating a death knight, please see the FAQ.

 


Blue posts
Tanking classes
We have four tank classes, and we want them to be roughly equal. I say "roughly" because I don't realistically think with different abilities and mechanics that their survivability, dps and threat generation are going to be identical in all situations. You may struggle a little more in certain situations and other tanks may struggle more in others. As long as you don't get to the point where the group starts wishing for another class to come tank, we're probably in a good spot.

We haven't seen a ton of evidence that warrior threat or dps are much lower than the other tanks, but it is definitely something we monitor. We don't want to be in a situation where any of the tanking classes feels like the gimped class that nobody wants.

All four tanking classes, as far as I can tell, still have a lot of fear that they will reach a point where they can't do the MT job. That is a totally understandable point of view. We just don't think we're at that point for anyone right now. Source 

 Death Knight Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Dual Wield changes in 3.0.8
Scaling to infinity isn't an issue per se since we aren't going to hand out weapons of infinite damage at least in this expansion. It's cool if Necrosis and BCB favor DW. We don't think they will drive all DKs to be DW, at least with gear available in Lich King.

It sounds like something didn't work right with the Killing Machine change, because the intent was to bring down the proc rate and make it more consistent between 2H and DW. We are investigating. Source 

 Druid Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Tier 7 Feral bonus
I believe we changed the 4-piece bonus to benefit both cats and bears. Source 

Faerie Fire
I am almost positive the talent is looking at your spells. So if you cast Wrath, it does a check to see if you also have FF up on the target. The intent of the talent is to encourage you to cast Faerie Fire, compensating you a little for the fact that you are debuffing the target. It isn't intended to just be "here have some crit." The intent is that if you cast FF, even if the debuff is already on the mob, you are rewarded for it.

I suspect it isn't smart enough to detect Feral Faerie Fire now that it's a base spell, so we should probably fix the case of a Balance druid who casts FFF and then goes back to Wrath or whatever.

I am just guessing based on the way spells usually work. I did not try this myself so I could be wrong. I will also admit that there are some inconsistencies currently in the game between whether you are supposed to apply a debuff again on a mob that already has it because sometimes you get a "More Powerful Spell" error. This is something we're trying to clean up though. Source 

 Priest Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Circle of Healing nerf
One of the best things I got out of all of the CoH nerfing discussion was players pointing out where they thought Renew maybe it needs to benefit from more talents, Binding Heal maybe it's too expensive or PoH fill in the blank might be falling short. That's good stuff.

If you enjoy your priest, keep playing your priest. If you don't like their spells, maybe try out a different healing class. I'm sorry for those players who only played a priest because they loved Circle of Healing and won't anymore, but that's going to happen if you fall in love too much with one spell and not the whole package. Source 

 Warlock Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Improving Demonology
We think we improve Demo mostly by improving demons, which unfortunately takes a little more work. That's not the only thing we want to do, by the way, but it's certainly part of it. Source 

 Warrior Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Deep Wounds and Q&A Source 
Let me back up here. We have not nerfed Deep Wounds yet. We are talking about it. Players saw a nerf to Sudden Death and asked why we would nerf Arms without nerfing Fury, since Fury seems to be dominating Arms in PvE and Arms is not dominating Fury in PvP not that we want one or the other tree to be the PvE or PvP tree anyway. I responsed that we wanted to adjust dps warrior dps by making Deep Wounds less of an overall contribution of warrior dps, buffing Arms in PvE and possibly PvP, and either keeping Fury the same or slightly nerfing them for PvE.

Longer term, I think the real key to fixing some Arms and Fury issues is to take a hard look at stances. But those are beyond the scope of 3.0.8. 

They're basing 20-30 percent off encounters like Thaddius/Lotheb/Malygos where you get ridiculous damage buffs as parts of the encounter
Some of you keep saying that, but we actually do understand how the encounters work. We made them, remember? Several other warriors are telling you it is a large percentage of their damage on all fights, not just the ones with unusual buff mechanics upon which it is even larger. 

Ghostcrawler this nerf will hurt most warrior tanks too. 
It will hurt a lot of them, though honestly their dps seems pretty decent and nobody is having trouble on threat. We will compensate Prot if we need to. Deep Wounds should not be a "mandatory" talent for Prot, though honestly this conversation did not start because of Prot.

This. It's pretty obvious to me that Deep Wounds presents a serious scaling issue that will prevent any real warrior changes in the future. Honestly Titan's Grip is still hugely OP, scaling wise, even after the Deep Wounds change
This is our POV on both talents. We suspected TG would be too good, and resisted changing in for a long time in despite of so many claims that Fury would never be able to compete with the hit penalty on it. At this point we are going to just balance around TG rather than nerf it. 

However you are wrong saying that fury gets "two buffs" in the patch.
I was referring to TG losing the remainder of its penalty and the WW glyph. They are minor buffs to be sure, but I think many players are scratching their heads about why we would nerf some of the top damage-dealers but buff Fury. The answer is that we aren't done yet.

This is where someone cheerfully says “You should buff everybody because that’s more fun.” Suffice to say inflation is a real issue if we only ever crank numbers upwards. 

Deep Wounds nerf
We are talking about nerfing Deep Wounds. We haven't done it yet. The reason for the nerf has entirely to do with dps warriors, though we realize it will affect some tanks.

On the one hand, we don't want to nerf Prot's threat generation or dps. On the other hand, we don't want Deep Wounds to be the only way Prot can have good threat generation or dps. I'm not announcing any changes here, only our thought process. Source 

Deep Wounds
If it's a buff at all, it's a pretty minor buff. You are correct that we changed it because the original penalty on TG had shriveled away to be inconsequential. This is a different issue from Deep Wounds. We think Deep Wounds does too much damage. We weren't suggesting Deep Wounds because of the buff to Titan's Grip. It was more of an issue of "Why are you buffing Fury, who seems to do very high PvE damage already?" Sorry if I mangled any explanation of that. With the "patch notes" out there have been a lot of hot-button topics. 

Sudden Death changes in 3.0.8 and RNG Random Number Generator , you can stop asking 
It's RNG but it is less RNG. Now the damage won't be so crazy on some hits, but on the flip side your rage bar won't go to zero either so you can use it for other things.

Overall, this would still probably be a nerf to Arms, but as we are discussing in other threads, this is most likely not the only change. Source 

Arms PvE DPS
Arms PvE dps probably needs a buff even on live. With the changes to Sudden Death and possibly one to Dual Wield, this is even more true. We are currently exploring the best way to do that.

We are unhappy with Deep Wounds because it is too large of a percent of your damage. I know that sounds strange to some players who ask "Why mess with it if our dps isn't too high?" Balance isn't just about who is highest and lowest on meters. Having such a high portion of damage come from a persistent, unmitigated bleed we think is a problem for warriors. Source 


Wrath of the Lich King - Cinematic Art Book Preview
Narrated by the deceased King Terenas Menethil II, the opening cinematic  for World of Warcraft: Wrath of the Lich King features Arthas raising the frost wyrm Sindragosa from beneath the frozen crust of Icecrown Glacier. Although the cinematic runs just over three minutes in length, countless hours of creative exploration, brainstorming, modeling, animating, editing, and retouching went into its development.

To shed light on the creative process behind the forging of Blizzard Entertainment’s latest cinematic, the Blizzard Insider presents an exclusive sneak preview of the upcoming book The Cinematic Art of World of Warcraft: Wrath of the Lich King  Available now, the book features over 200 pieces of artwork, detailed write-ups of the lore behind the cinematic, illustrated storybooks, two collectable prints, and behind-the-scenes "making-of" commentary from the trailer’s creators. 

So read on, and begin your journey into the creation of Blizzard Entertainment's latest cinematic. 

Preview First Chapter 
You can buy The Cinematic Art of World of Warcraft: The Wrath of the Lich King from Amazon.com , make sure you also check the Video review here  if you want to take a look at the book. 


         
         