Boubouille2008-12-08, 06:59 PMWe had a slight issue with the Blue Tracker , it's now resolved and everything should be working. 

Dungeon Difficulty
I have discussed the dungeon difficulty issue before, so I will just bulletize it here:
Naxx is an entry-level raid.
Many players have seen the encounters before.
Players were allowed to learn the encounters on beta.

On the topic of hard modes:
I think a lot of players do enjoy the challenges, especially when some kind of badge of honor is involved.
We do realize that vanity items like titles and mounts can only motivate people so far and we do have plans to offer better loot for such accomplishments.
We aren't likely to spend several months of development time on content that less than 5% of players will ever see.
We do understand that groups like a challenge though. Ulduar will be more difficult.

On dual spec:
The idea is to let you swap glyphs and action bars along with your talents.
It will be trivial to do in town.
You will also be able to do it out of towns, but not as trivially.
We hope to have this done for the next major content patch, but it's a big feature and takes some time. 

Blue posts
Tanking in WotLK and healing mechanics changes

One of the design goals in LK was to make tanking more fun and I daresay a little easier because it could be very challenging. I have tanked and healed A LOT on various classes and I feel pretty confident saying that tanking can be much harder than healing on some fights on others it is reversed. Challenging the dps classes is harder, but you often see it in the form of berserk timers -- if the dps can't maximize their output, then the raid is going to wipe at no fault of the healers. Repositioning fights often tax the dps characters, though to be fair, they often tax the healers too.

I'm pretty happy with the current state of tanking, modulo polishing up a few bits here and there. Healing is something we have committed to taking a good hard look at now, so threads like this are helpful. Unlike tanking, it is a harder problem to solve, in part because some healers like the way healing works now just fine thank you, and risk walking away from it if we make very dramatic changes. The kinds of dramatic changes that get suggested a lot are things like causing damage to heal, having to heal through the main game window and not the health bars, having combo points and that sort of thing. You may say "That sounds awesome!" but many other players say "Yech."

Others say just having better UI, having more diverse spells to rely on, not having to time things so tightly, or having something to do besides healing will make their game more fun.

We do think the game can handle more diversity in healing mechanics than it can in tanking mechanics. In other words, it's okay for healers to have niches moreso than the tanks. This is largely because raids require more healers than tanks. Source 

AoE Healing Nerf
I feel the need to post here in the hopes of alleviating player confusion. The first FAQ was a link to my quotes attempting to explain our concerns about Circle of Healing and Wild Growth. This FAQ by contrast is written from a player POV that this is a shaman issue. It isn't in our minds.

We looked at the three main AE heals and found that CoH and WG were being used too much in too many different situations and making AE healing too easy. CH is supposed to be used in more situations, because the shaman arsenal is smaller. It isn't as easy to use as CoH and WG. Shamans are still casting other spells.

Of course we realize not every Holy priest is spamming CoH. That's good -- you all will notice less of a difference after the change.

Some encounters will likely be more difficult with this nerf. Malygos phase 1 comes to mind. We are prepared to make encounter changes if necessary.

We explored several options to nerf CoH and WG and eventually settled on a cooldown. You can use those AEs when needed and then switch to single-target heals to top everyone off.

I'm not going to keep responding to this thread, because we have plenty on the topic already, but I wanted to offer a clarification. Source 

"Smart" Healing
I'm not sure why we need to keep starting threads on the same issue, but since you seem to have trouble finding our thoughts on the issue of smart healing, I will offer them again.

The old model of targeting a group out of a raid to heal it goes against one of the changes we tried to make for Lich King, which is that the raid structure matters, but the party structure within the raid doesn't. Almost all buff are raid-wide now, so we didn't want raiders to have to structure their groups just around things like Circle of Healing. "Um, can you put the MT and OT in the same group please, so CoH can get them both?" That sort of thing.

One of the things we wanted to do was give players more flexibility in how they set up their raids. This extends to your UI -- if you like to put the tanks in a separate part of your UI, or organize things by class or functional role instead of group, you can do that without having to worry so much about who is in what group.

We couldn't get rid of the group concept for every spell - Mana Tide is one example. But we have gotten rid of a lot of them.

We did ask all of the class designers and almost everyone on the WoW team who plays a raiding priest, and to a person they all thought the cooldown was a better solution than removing the smart component of the heal.

I will say again, if one spell talented at that is what makes the difference between you A having fun, B being able to heal competitively, or C being brought to a raid at all, that is a much bigger problem than anything CoH itself does. Source 

Crystallized Fire, how can it exist?
Magic. Problem solved. Next. Source 

[EU] Queue on the new Chamber of Aspects realm
The cap was actually set below the regular value. This will be corrected shortly. Source 

 Hunter /  Warlock - Pet tanking
We have heard some reports of hunter pets tanking say Nexus, which doesn't have a lot of movement required of the tank. Really though, as others have suggested, the goal is more for them to be able to OT large pulls or group quests. Now pet threat generation Voidwalkers too is something we are looking at right now. Source 

 Death Knight Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Death Knight issues and upcoming changes
Death knights are a cooldown-based class. They can't count on abilities being there and ready to the same extent other classes are. In return though, they have an unlimited resource that neither goes away over time mana or is dependent on doing damage or taking damage rage. While a DK may struggle a little more when things get out of control because of cooldowns they are also fantastic in other situations -- you can actually battle rez a fallen DK tank and have them get back in the fray because they don't need to build up rage or mana first.

The rune system definitely has some strengths and weaknesses and that is by design so that the DK actually feels like a different class using different mechanics. Cooldowns won't appeal to everyone, just as drinking to restore mana doesn't appeal to everyone.

Now, that said, we do hope to be able to post some more definitive changes to DKs soon putting numbers on the rune strike nerf and all that and one of the things that comes up a lot is removing the cooldown from Pestilence. Source 
 Shaman Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Chain Heal
We don't think Chain Heal needs a nerf at the current time.

Unlike CoH and to a lesser extent WG it isn't used to the exclusion of other shaman healing spells. It also has some pretty severe drawbacks compared to CoH -- cast time for one.

But if after we add a cooldown to CoH and WG, we find that CH is making AE healing too trivial or if we find that shamans are being invited to heal raids at the expense of priests and druids, then we will absolutely nerf CH too. Source 