Boubouille2008-10-29, 11:45 PMWotLK Beta - Build 9155
The beta servers have been updated to build 9155.

Undocumented changes
None. But it seems that as previously mentioned in this post  the character attributes have been removed from the statistics in the achievements interface. 


Europe - 29/10 Free Character Migration
Due to population differences between the highest and lowest populated PvP realms, the following Free Character Migration will be available from October 29th to November 4th:

From: Grim Batol, Sylvanas
To: Shattered Halls, Burning Steppes

From: Frostmane, Kazzak
To: Karazhan, Xavius

From: Outland, Al'Akir
To: Haomarush, Auchindoun

From: Burning Legion, Ravencrest
To: Bladefist, Veknilash

Please note that this migration may be closed at any time should a destination realm's population rise too high.

If you have any questions about this specific migration, please feel free to add them below. However, note that migration is opened based on realm population analysis, not popular demand, so requests for other free migrations will not be responded to.

FAQ:  


Blue posts
Mana drain abilities
The mana drain effects do seem to make more sense as a percentage than a flat number given how wildly mana pools can vary. The warlock version also seems lackluster compared to Viper Sting in particular given the difficulty in getting each of those off. This is something we're looking at. Source 

Dispell Mechanics
The whole dispel system in general is something we're actively discussing. Classes were not initially designed with a lot of thought into how easily their various buffs or debuffs could be removed in a PvP setting. We were pretty close to changing it a couple of times for LK but we had a lot of big changes already and wanted to make sure they got the attention they deserved before we started overhauling even more systems. Source 

 Death Knight Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Sigils
I'm pretty sure there are some sigils you haven't seen yet. Source 

 Druid Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Customization options
New art for forms, customization per form, and even the possibility of showing some gear in a form is all stuff we are talking about. When we have a firm plan we're ready to unveil, I'm sure you'll hear about it. Source 

Feral Q&A Source 
1. Feral Mana Pools are very limited, is there a planned fix for this? 
en you're in a form feels like it's enough to let you occasionally use that mana for something. We think you will probably still go dry quickly if you're healing a lot which ultimately isn't something we want Feral to do a lot or if you're chain shapeshifting which is also something we don't want you ideally doing a lot, but recognize sometimes you need to -- dealing with a Frost mage perhaps. 

2. Protector of the Pack limitation mechanic - not very fun, what was the thinking behind this and can the limitation be removed? 
I've avoided this debate for a long time because it seems to really, really upset people that they can't do something they really, really want to do in a very niche case. Bear isn't designed to be something you run around solo to kill things in, and even if you want to do so anyway, your damage reduction shouldn't be a big deal. It's designed as a tanking talent and "solo tanking" is sort of nonsensical. Bear itself works fine without it, and in fact you can even tank just fine without it as long as you aren't doing progression raiding. If it affected your dps or something, I'd be a lot more convinced.

3. Feral talent point usage in resto tree, means we have to focus too many points on a non-feral tree, also very difficult to get all the "tanking" talents offered, no room for pvp choices in a tanking build - is this intended?
We designed the new Feral tree with Omen as a trade-off. If we ever moved Omen around, we would also juggle Feral talents. We don't want you to be able to get all Feral talents and OoC. You can be a good bear, good cat, get good PvP talents or get Omen. But you can't do it all with one build. 

4. Swipe / Thorns combo 360' Aoe. Is it possible to get a 360' upgrade to our bear form aoe ability? 
We don't think too many druids are having trouble using Swipe in its new form. A little difference among class abilities that are otherwise very similar is probably good for the game. 

5. Feral Itemization issue 1: Too much Armor on some earlier tanking weapons compared to 25 man naxx gear is this intended? 
Do you mean you're going to keep using the older weapon instead of the Naxx bear staff?

6. Feral Itemization issue 2: Not enough "Armor" trinkets in game making them invaluable to druids, basically once you have these trinkets you will not grab anything else unless you reach armor cap. - Can more armor trinkets be added, with different usage stats?
My suspicion is you are still over-valuing armor compared to other defensive stats. I realize you don't want block or parry but that doesn't mean it's armor or nothing. 

7. Feral Itemization issue 3: Tanking gear - PVP gear seems to be better for tanking, more stam, why is this the case?
PvP gear pays a lot more of its item budget on resilience than it did in BC so you're going to be giving up something else like Agi to use it. Also make sure you are comparing PvP gear to PvE gear of the same item level. 

8. Kitty AOE - Kitty form basically has no aoe ability, which limits damage output in multiple mob situations - we would have to switch to bear / caster which would mean taking a chance on pulling aggro or doing minimal damage with hurricane. Are there plans to add kitty form aoe?
Hurricane and Swipe do pretty good AE, certainly better than rogues have on which cat was modeled. 

9. Cat charge being linked to Bear charge. - Why is this the intended mechanic for these two attacks?
We think this would encourage quickly shifting from one form to another, which is something we have actually taken pains to discourage RIP powershifting. 

10. Berserk - The current version of Berserk feels weak now that the immunity to all snares has been removed, and its cooldown is too long. - Is there any way the snares functionality of berserk can be restored?
We thought it was too good if it broke all snares and granted such a great dps increase. 

11. Savage Roar - Is it possible to have it persist through shifting? 
Same answer. We don't want to add anything else to the class that encourages you to say go cat, use an ability, then go back to bear. Changing forms is cool. Changing forms to buff yourself in one form then going to another isn't what we're going for. If you're a cat and shift to humanoid to heal or decurse or bear to survive when being attacked -- that's cool and what the Feral design is all about. It's when you start to chain several shifts together that we get uncomfortable. 

I use cat in short bursts when I feel like the opportunity to survive is there, but this seems to indicate you want people staying in cat OR bear for extended periods.
No, that's not exactly it. Using cat in short bursts is awesome. Shifting out of feral to Innervate or Rebirth is cool, even if you immediately go feral again. Where it starts to cross the line is being a bear, going cat to hit a button, then going back to bear to benefit from the cat button. Doing feral charge bear, shifting and doing feral charge cat is not what we want. Anything that starts to feel like the old powershifting changing just to generate mana is what we're trying to avoid.

If it helps, think about it this way: shifting once in a small window is cool. Shifting several times in a small window is less cool. Source 

Infected Wound
Infected Wounds is a disease, so it can fail, which shows up as a miss in combat logs. Stacking hit should fix the problem if it seems to happen a lot. Poisons have the same issue. Source 

Balance high PvE dps at level 70
I'm not sure which quote you're refering to, but we measure dps at a point in time and over the course of several minutes and even longer if it looks like a caster might run out of mana. For PvP we obviously focus a lot more on the short-term dps.

Moonkin dps does seem to be pretty high right now on Live, but we believe that is partially an artifact of so many groups AE'ing their way through the nerfed raid content and Hurricane doing serious damage now. We'll have to see what the Starfire + Wrath numbers look like at 80 compared to our own testing. Source 

Healing as a druid
In our minds, your go-to spells when healing anything bigger than a 5-player group are Rejuv, Regrowth and Lifebloom. You are probably not benefiting your raid the most if you are chaining Healing Touch on the tank while the paladin is trying to keep everyone up with Beacon of Light.

Healing Touch, Swiftmend and Wild Growth are all very useful spells. But they are intended to be used in smaller group or when something unusual happens in a raid. If the entire group takes a lot of damage at once, that's a good time for Wild Growth. If a melee dps class is very wounded and you don't have time for the bloom and Swiftmend is on cooldown, go for the Healing Touch.

Nourish is supposed to be a Flash Heal -- fast but expensive. It may be too fine a line for a class that already has Swiftmend and a much improved Regrowth. Source 

 Hunter Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Aspect of the Dragonhawk and aspect swapping issues
I do want to mention that it is currently possible to exploit the fact that Aspects have no GCD -- it is possible to benefit from Viper and another Aspect by rapidly swapping back and forth which doesn't make servers happy either by the way. Our concern of course is that all hunters feel like this power Aspect twisting becomes the right way to play.

If we can't find another way around this, we might have to put Aspects back on the GCD or make the shared cooldown a lot longer than 1 sec. Other solutions like Viper doesn't kick in for 10 sec or whatever also seem, well, bleh.

We're hoping this isn't as big a problem now that you don't need to swap to Monkey immediately once you have Dragonhawk. But I did want you all to be aware of the problem. Source 

 Mage Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Frost tree in PvE
We don't think the Frost changes were a major PvE decrease for mages and their PvE damage seems pretty good right now. We do still have some concerns that Arcane can be too bursty in PvP but I don't have any changes to announce there for the moment and there may not be any.

That doesn't mean there is no room for improvement in Frost. We would like to get Ice Lance back into PvE and it would be great to get Deep Freeze back into PvE too. Source 

 Paladin Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Judgement stacking
Justice of Wisdom is not supposed to stack. We fixed this recently, but I'm not sure when it will go out. Source 

Judgement of Wisdom
We're still messing with the numbers, but I think it's fair to say that Judgement of Wisdom doesn't give enough mana back to low-mana specs Ret and Enhancement to name a couple. Source 

Retribution Paladins
I admit that part of the reason I tried to take extra time to explain the changes we made to Retribution was because Ret has perenially felt like a whipping boy spec. We overhauled the paladin class significantly, and knew we were going to have to make some changes. Some of the changes also got announced in an awkward way when the beta was updated while the beta forums were broken. We also believe that mages have 3 strong dps trees, while paladins really only have 1 and we nerfed it pretty hard. Source 

Consecration
I didn't mean to imply you have to give up Consecration. Consecration does a lot of damage. It's a good spell. But it's an expensive spell. If you're 80 and use Divine Plea when it's up, you should be able to use Consecration, heals and other spells, especially if you Judge Wisdom. I probably confused the issue by stating that our design was a paladin can use Storm, Crusader and Judge without running out of mana.

When Ret paladins could use all of their abilities without ever worrying about mana, yes that was broken. I can see how it would be fun though. I once teamed up with a priest whose Inner Focus and Power Infusion got stuck on for hours when BC launched. We cleared out half of Hellfire. Then I reported him. Not really. Source 

 Priest Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Holy and Discipline healers
If any class is the "fill in the gap" healer, it's the Holy priest. Their strength is in versatility -- they have single-target heals, group heals, instant heals and hots. The standard but by no means only way to heal a raid is to have a Holy paladin on the tank along with a Resto druid, have a Resto shammy AE heal the group, and then put the Holy priest wherever you need them. We are also trying to get the Disc priest into a role similar to the paladin, but based more around damage avoidance than efficient, quick heals. Source 

Linking replenishment to VT
There were two problems with linking Replenishment to VT.

1 We wanted Replenishment to have a duration of 15 sec. VT has the same duration, but with a cast time so it would be hard to keep the two in sync. You'd either clip VT or have down time on Replenishment.

2 Having Replenishment work on VT ticks would be awkward. You'd have the same problem of not wanting to renew it too early and lose ticks or too late and miss ticks.

Mind Blast is simple. Cast it and Replenishement procs. Source 

 Warrior Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Warrior DPS vs. Rogue
If you have two players of equal skill and gear on a fight that doesn't favor the mechanics of one over the other, then the rogue should do more damage. The delta is smaller than it used to be though, so very good warriors will sometimes "win the meters."

The reason we don't over-emphasize this design is players keep throwing up screenshots and parses of a rogue beating them and saying "You said warriors should be able to beat rogues." You can't discount the skill, gear and encounter parts of the equation, as well as good old random numbers. Source 

Sudden Death
Sorry for the confusion.

We were worried Arms warriors were doing too much damage, sometimes, when the RNG was in their favor. We attempted to fix that by lowering the proc rate of Sudden Death, but of course the RNG aspect just went up when we did that. We still might try alternative implementations, a 50 rage max Exectute perhaps, but we will probably not mess with it until we see Arms at 80 on Live in PvP and PvE to get a better idea of how the build is doing. Note the adverb "probably" -- if we do end up changing it sooner, please don't tell me I broke promises to warriors.

I sometimes try and mention potential future nerfs or ideas for nerfs that we rejected, so that A I'm not always bringing bad news about nerfs, B If we do end up nerfing something in the future it may not be a total surprise, and C You get a little more insight into how we work. Source 