Boubouille2008-10-24, 11:09 AMToday news will be in 2 parts, the second part will be available in an hour or two and will be ... fairly interesting, I guess. 

Europe - 23/10 Queues, new realms and migration
Greetings!

We wanted to give you a quick update on the measures we’re taking to address the queues currently experienced on the English realms. We have two ways of addressing these; migration and new realms, depending on other factors.

For PvP realms the main additional factor is the difference between population on high and low populated realms, thus we plan to address the queues by offering Free Character Migration from the highest populated realms to the lowest populated ones. This will address the population concerns on both the source and target realms. We’d like to assure those concerned with moving to a realm with lower population that we have every intention of using the migration to make sure these have a healthy population over time.

However, due to current concerns with realm performance we wish to wait at least until after the upcoming weekend to start any free migrations, making sure the extra load on the realms from the migration doesn’t impact the game performance.

For PvE realms the situation is different; the population is very evenly spread out, and thus migration is not an option. We plan to open new PvE realms to address the current realm queues. These will be fresh realms, allowing no migration to them at first. We will have more about this tomorrow, Friday, but wanted to at least give you a heads up about it today.

We’ll keep you updated on our plans and considerations moving forward. If you have any questions, feel free to post them in this thread. More details will follow as soon as we have them ready. 


23/10 Finalising Russian Migration
Following our previous announcements about free character migration from Molten Core, Shadowmoon, Stonemaul and Warsong we wish to advise that we will be closing these realms on Wednesday October 29. When these realms close, all characters will be unavailable in every way except for free character migration, which will be continuing on till Tuesday November 11.

If you have not migrated your characters by this date, we will be automatically transferring them to one of their destination realms see below with the lowest population. The automatic character move will dissolve all existing guilds and will remove guild banks including everything contained inside. All auctions will be cleared and mailboxes will be wiped clean. Because of this we advise that you take action now to prevent any loss of gold or items.

Please note that the automatic move of characters on Wednesday November 12 will not take into account regular restrictions such as faction conflicts or character limitations, so we strongly recommend that you choose your new realm and use the free migration to move your characters as soon as possible. Remember you can also move your characters to the Russian language realms for free until Tuesday October 28, or to other realms through the Paid Character Transfer service.

The destination realms for free character migration remain as:

Molten Core --> Burning Steppes, Deathwing, Dentarg
Shadowmoon --> Boulderfist, Spinebreaker, Xavius
Stonemaul --> Ahn'Qiraj, Burning Blade, Jaedenar
Warsong --> Auchindoun, Bladefist, Haomarush
Note: Each source realm has a destination realm in the same Battlegroup, underlined above.

Questions
If you have any questions concerning the closing of these realms, or the related migrations, please feel free to post them below and we'll do our very best to answer them. To make sure questions and answers are easier to find, any unrelated posts will be deleted from the thread.

Original announcement:  
Migration announcement:  


Blue posts
Deathcharger's Reins
While random is indeed random, the chance of Deathchanger's Reins dropping was increased with 3.0.2. This is the second time the drop rate has been increased, from the rather crazy 1 in 5000 WAY back in the day to the 1 in 100 it is now. Source 

Armory - Character Profile Update Delays
With the release of Echoes of Doom there have been some delays on character profiles updating on the Armory. We are aware of these delays and working on optimizations and overall improvements to resolve the issues causing them and to ensure the best experience possible with this feature. Source 

Future changes to healing
I wanted to start talking about healing because it's on our radar. But we are considering some major changes, so it is going to be a long term design and not something we'll patch in a week or two. I also said "consider." We're in a brainstorming phase and we might not end up making major changes. It could be something close in scope to the tanking changes this time around, or it could be bigger or smaller than that. As I've pointed out, there weren't too many tanks who said that everything was perfect and they were happy though there were some. There are many more priests who are scared of a major healing change and would prefer things stay as they are. We need to evaluate their opinions as well. It may not be worth a change at all. That's why this thing will take time. Source 

New buff system and class requirements in raid
Our goal was not to remove anything unique from the classes. Our goal was to get rid of anything that was considered so mandatory that you would consider scrapping a raid without that player. A great example is Bloodlust / Heroism. Raids were absolutely stacking shamans to do a rotation of these spells to the extent that we designed encounters assuming that would be the case.

A slightly different example is Illidan. That encounter assumed because it has been changed that you had a warrior in the raid, and that the warrior was tanking.

On the other hand, we didn't design any encounters for LK with the thought that "They'll use a death knight here to pull," or "The druid will use Rebirth here," or "You have to have Spell Reflect or you'll wipe" or "The rogues need to disarm the traps in the Suppression Room." Now all of those spells do have their uses and will make certain encounters easier. If those spells were of questionable or no utility then the class distinction really starts to devolve into damage, healing and tanking. But none of them should be mandatory. I don't think most guilds will call the raid if they don't have a DK for Malygos the way most guilds *did* call the raid if they didn't have a hunter or two and a mage for Maulgar pre-last patch anyway.

There are a few encounters we're keeping an eye on. Naxx 25 still has an encounter that requires 2 priests. That is probably a safe assumption for a raid of that size, but it's a slippery slope. If we had required 2 Shadow priests, for example, it would probably cross the line. And no, we won't start implementing encounters like that when we allow dual-specs.

I also realize that some players particularly those who don't play the class in contention will argue that Rebirth or whatever is so powerful that raids will require a druid. Maybe there are some out there that do. A lot of these decisions are judgment calls on our part, and as I'm sure you all know, decisions on the part of raid leaders, especially inexperienced ones, can sometimes be misinformed. Source 

 Mage Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Arcane Barrage / Blast balancing
We think the problem is that Arcane Barrage is a very good spell, so much so that you need to get back to it right away and don't want to waste potential Barrage time with another spell. I know at this point you're expecting me to say that we're going to nerf Arcane Barrage, but actually we're going to mess with Arcane Blast some more. Lowering the cooldown is an attractive idea because it would let you squeeze Blasts off in between Barrages more easily. Alternatively, we could just buff Blast's damage so its clearly superior to Fireball or whatever else you might want to squeeze in there.

We normally don't want to go too far into how to play your class, but alternating Blast and Barrage with the occasional Arcane Missile when the fast cast procs, makes a pretty decent rotation. Source 

 Paladin Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Reasons behind the Retribution nerf in PvP
I never said the problem was Ret dominating Arena teams. The problem was that a paladin could defeat players with equal or higher skill and gear in very few hits and often while stunned. There was no way to counter it, even if you knew the paladin was coming. That is what we mean when we say their burst damage was too high. Rogues can also stun and kill opponents, but it takes many more hits and a lot longer overall. The opponent has a chance to get out of it or get help. Source 

Holy Spec and AE Healing
Druids have better single-target and AE heals now, but the single-target spells aren’t as good as the paladin ones and the AE isn’t as good as a shaman or priest. They are just there to fill in the gaps. Paladins got Beacon of Light, Holy Shock and things like Infusion of Light to also fill those gaps. The question asked was what if those aren’t sufficient, and my reply was we will buff them or add new spells.

Based on the healing numbers we’re seeing from paladins in raids, I don’t think you’ll lose your spots to druids. But if that happens, then that gives us a reason to buff your AE and hots even more. You need 1 to 3 tanks in a raid, which is why we can’t have very discrete niches for them. You need 3-8 healers in a raid on average, which is why we think it’s more interesting for them to have niches. But in a 5-player, you are the only healer, so you need to be able to get the job done. Magister’s used to be hard for a Holy paladin. Ignoring the increased tanking and dps potential at the moment on live, how is it now? Source 

 Priest Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Talent tree balancing - Meditation moved to baseline ? See this post  from yesterday's news
That’s part of it, but also consider the counter-argument. Meditation is desired because it’s a good talent. Same with Ruin, Cruelty, etc. If there are talents that you’d almost never take, then those are bad talents. We can’t take the attitude that any time players like, want, feel they need or usually take a talent that it means we need to make that talent tier 1 or baseline. We don't want talent trees filled with crappy talents of no consequence. Source 

 Rogue Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Reason behind the combo points mechanics
It's mostly for flavor. Switching targets for some classes is an almost inconsequential decision. Switching targets for rogues is a hard decision. You've got a runner or a guy beating on your healer -- do you switch targets and risk losing your cps? The idea was that you have to play differently when you play a rogue -- you have to think about different things.

I understand why you might think this is a hassle, but you could make that argument about a lot of mechanics in the game. Why can't rogues use finishers whenever they want? Why do cps have to drop off of a target with a finisher? Why can't I have 10 cps on a target if I want? It's just part of the mechanic.

While we have managed to screw rogues from time to time in WoW like 360 cleaves, I don't think that the penalty for switching targets has driven players away from the rogue class or kept them out of Arenas or end-game raiding. I don't think it's a quality of life issue on par with the old poison creation mechanic that we recently scrapped. Source 

Deadly Poison Rank VIII incorrect damage
Rank IX is correct. Rank VIII has been lowered. Source 

 Shaman Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Elemental tree pre-75
Chill out. Nobody said Elemental was useless until 75. All I said was that your damage wasn't quite as high as other ranged dps at 70. Your ability to level, do instances or even raid at 70 aren't really compromised. Source 

 Warlock Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Destruction - Dispell resistance
We'll try to get some dispel resistance in Destro -- either a generic talent up high that all locks can get or something specific to Destruction that you'll probably already have. Source 

 Warrior Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Sudden Death not getting nerfed
We tried a couple of nerfs to Sudden Death, such as less damage or less chance to proc. We didn't like any of them, so for now the ability is staying as is. Source 

Changes to boss armor and Sunder Armor
We do assume that a mob is sundered in a raid. Warriors and rogues can offer the debuff and hunters in a pinch. It's certainly possible to beat an encounter without any of those classes, but it will be easier with them. We have tried to give groups a lot of flexibility in who they bring, but we still need to make some assumptions about the capacity of the group. We can't balance encounters well if they are designed to be beaten with and without raid buffs. Source 