Boubouille2008-12-18, 03:41 AMInstance Performance
We are aware that players on some realms may experience performance issues mainly in instances during peak playing times. This is largely due to the very high number of players in instances, and notably affects Naxxramas the most.

Please be assured that we are working on optimisations to address the issues, and will keep you updated on the progress. 


Blue posts
PvP Gear Models
The look of the sets will improve as the seasons continue. If we started the first sets of PvP gear with asteroids orbiting the shoulders, in a couple seasons you'd be wearing Thrall on your head. 

Under the current design philosophy, the idea is that in PvE you're killing very rare and challenging creatures of Azeroth, while in PvP you're receiving gear from the crafters so to speak of your faction to get you battle-ready. Chances are you're going to be given the gear that'll get the job done rather than the gear that has to be constructed entirely out of the nipples of a 7,000 year-old dragon. Source 

PvP Gear and arena points/rating requirements
The highest-quality PvP gear is obtained via the arena system. Nothing has changed in that regard. Those who choose to focus on battlegrounds for all PvP engagement still have access to good-quality PvP items. Under the current functionality though, the arena system provides a much better measurement of skill over time investment than battlegrounds. With that being said, we are working to develop a better system for measuring performance in battlegrounds. We have been saying this since Wrath beta, however, we have no additional information to provide at this point. 

The guy playing AFKave day in, day out should not have access to the same gear as the guy with a 2000 arena rating. This is mostly our fault and we're working on a better system for rewarding contribution in battlegrounds. Source 

Level 70 PvP Gear missing
It was not removed. We're aware of the issue of this gear being currently unavailable and plan to make them available for purchase again in the near future. I don't have an exact time frame for you right now. Source 

Healer shortage
If there is a healer shortage at all, I expect it is because many players are still questing. Even if they are 80, there are a ton of quests in Icecrown, a lot of dailies, and things like Hodir rep to work on. While healing specs are probably better able to solo than they were in BC, we still don't pretend they have all the damage and tools of a dps-focused character.

I also like to think that we made the dps-specs of priests, paladins, druids and shamans all a little more viable and fun to play than they used to be, so some healers may be trying those out. Source 

Healing redesign
As I have frequently opined, healers who don't like healing is kind of a tough problem to solve.

There are certainly healers who do like healing. That's why they play the game. For them watching health bars IS enjoying the game. We don't want to pull what they enjoy out of the game at least without a very good reason. The question is are there enough of those players? If they are 1 in 100, then it's a problem.

As I have also said, this is something we are spending a lot of effort to work on, but it is emphatically not the kind of change where a couple of simple tweaks get you there. Source 

Winter Veil Gifts
There are some quests you can do by which you can receive gifts, but the gifts under the trees won't be available to open until the 25th. No peeking either! The Feast of Winter Veil doesn't end until the 1st midnight of January. Hopefully, that will give everyone a chance to get a gift. If not, just think of all the joy you get of visiting your family and friends! Source 

Fire Seed
Fire Seed  is being changed to a gray item, its effect has been removed. Source 

 Druid Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Nourish
I think you should take a harder look at Nourish. We received so much feedback on Nourish that I was sort of going along with the conventional wisdom that Nourish didn't fill a large enough role. Since then a few druids have set me straight. It can be a really amazing spell.

Glyphed Regrowth is also a really good spell, but it is still a hot -- it doesn't get the health out to the target as fast as Nourish.

If you're a big glyphed Healing Touch fan, then I can see how you might use it instead of Nourish, especially if you run heroics a lot and so are filling all of the healing roles yourself. But if I was taking any button off of my bar for raiding, it would be HT and not Nourish. 

When Nourish came up in beta, some druids asked "Why would I use Nourish when I have Regrowth?" The answer is that Regrowth is an amazing spell finally, but it's not a flash heal. Source 

 Paladin Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Judgements Bug
Keep looking. We will too. Source 

Judgement of Light
One of the changes in 3.0.8 that we may or may not have announced is that we changed Judgment of Light to do no threat in order to fix some of this seemingly random behavior. We aren't trying to nerf Prot paladin threat overall with this change.

The topic came up again recently when Protadin OTs were accidentally pulling off the MT with huge threat spikes while tanking adds etc. Source 

 Priest Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Glyph of Dispel  nerf
The glyph was just overpowered. It was meant to be a neat little bonus when you dispelled someone, not a new way to spam heals or to make someone really, really pay for putting a debuff on one of your guys. Source 

 Shaman Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Egg of Mortal Essence  not procing from Healing Stream Totem
It won't proc off of items and Healing Stream is a totem. Bad things would happen if it proc'd off of items.

It should work fine with all your other heals. Source 


Serious security flaw found in IE 
A vulnerability has been discovered and the 27% of users of this site using Internet Explorer should probably install this hotfix as soon as possible  

From BBC.co.uk 
The flaw in Microsoft's Internet Explorer could allow criminals to take control of people's computers and steal their passwords, internet experts say.

Microsoft urged people to be vigilant while it investigated and prepared an emergency patch to resolve it. Internet Explorer is used by the vast majority of the world's computer users. 

"Microsoft is continuing its investigation of public reports of attacks against a new vulnerability in Internet Explorer," said the firm in a security advisory alert about the flaw.

Microsoft says it has detected attacks against IE 7.0 but said the "underlying vulnerability" was present in all versions of the browser. Other browsers, such as Firefox, Opera, Chrome, Safari, are not vulnerable to the flaw Microsoft has identified. 

Browser bait
"In this case, hackers found the hole before Microsoft did," said Rick Ferguson, senior security advisor at Trend Micro. "This is never a good thing."

As many as 10,000 websites have been compromised since the vulnerability was discovered, he said.

"What we've seen from the exploit so far is it stealing game passwords, but it's inevitable that it will be adapted by criminals," he said. "It's just a question of modifying the payload the trojan installs." 

"The message needs to get out that this malicious code can be planted on any web site, so simple careful browsing isn't enough." 


New Fan Art
The Blizzard Fan Art  Section has been updated with new artwork. 


   
   