Boubouille2008-12-06, 08:37 AMWe're seeing less and less blue posts lately, with every now and then a list of changes for a specific class. I'm probably being optimistic here but in the past it was the sign of an upcoming PTR Patch. Stay tuned? 

This isn't related, but some descriptions on the Mounts page  have been updated and I think it's pretty much complete for the moment. 

Also, some people have been complaining about the FPS drop they're getting since the release of Wrath of the Lich King, if you're using a Nvidia card and do not update your drivers often you might want to check the Forceware 180.48 Win XP  / Vista  drivers released a few days after the expansion. I'm only bringing this up now because my framerate surprisingly improved when I updated, it doesn't mean that it will work with you but it definitely helps for some people


Blue posts
AoE Healing and dungeon difficulty
Heroic Loken is hard. He’s the hardest heroic boss. Having a priest may make the encounter easier, but it doesn’t make it tirival and having a paladin doesn’t mean you are almost certainly doomed to fail. Honestly it has a lot more to do with what the rest of the group is doing to minimize the damage they take than what the healer has to do to keep everyone up.

Malygos is a slightly different situation. We kept amping up the damage of Vortex because CoH and WG could just easily heal through it. We finally decided those two spells were just OP and pushing priests and druids into just relying on that one spell too much. With the cooldown on COH and WG we will probably nerf the Vortex. I say probably because players are farming the encounter already so I’m not 100% that things will go from farm to impossible with this change, but we’ll be sure to test it out a lot and watch for your feedback. Source 

Game balancing and top guilds
I'm not sure we could ever nail the balance of the game so perfectly that even the most cutting edge raiding guilds would bring the player not the class. But these guilds are so selective in who they bring and train their guys so much that they can make an assumption which most of our guilds can't make, which is that all of their players are very, very good.

I know of guilds that have people respec tradeskills for certain encounters or at least did in BC. That's kind of at a level beyond whether shamans and death knights bring the same buffs, or whether warriors and paladins can both tank the same boss. Source 

Healing Meters
Healing meters are a silly way of measuring healer performance. Often it's when and who you heal that is much more important than how much you heal. But measuring healing is very difficult, so players tend to go back to meters.

I agree that if a team is beating the boss then their setup works. But sometimes raids wonder if they should have brought a different person or what would happen if someone respec'd so they start to wonder who their best healers are. Source 

 Death Knight Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Ebon Plague
We are aware of a few cases in which this is happening. While we don't want the debuff to stack, we don't want anyone to get cheesed out of their disease multipliers either. We'll fix it. Source 

 Paladin Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Bugs with Judgements
We are trying to track this issue Judgements sometimes failing down. We aren't sure what is causing this and we can't come up with a situation that causes it reliably so we can figure out what's happening. More information from players about what situations seem to reproduce the bug will be more helpful than just posting "still happening" over and over. Yes, we know it is still happening. We just don't know why. Source 