Boubouille2008-11-15, 05:58 PMKel'thuzad, Sartharion, and Malygos world first kill by TwentyFifthNovember
You might remember this news  from a few days ago, most of the members from the top PvE guilds Nihilum and SK-Gaming merged in a single guild temporarily called TwentyFifthNovember  

The question is, how much time will it take to see them getting world first kills on raid bosses ? Easy, about 65 Hours and 30 minutes. Wrath of the Lich King was activated on european servers at 22:00 CEST and TwentyFifthNovember  killed Kel'thuzad today at 15:30 CEST, and they also killed Sartharion the Onyx Guardian before that. Only Malygos was left and he just died at 18:45 CEST. 

Yes we're talking about 25 man raid instances, it took them less than 3 days 68 Hours and 30 minutes to get enough people to build a decent raid and down these bosses, it looks like the competition won't be easy in the future. It also means that they already cleared all the PvE content in Wrath of the Lich King and will have to wait for the next content patch 3.1 to have a chance to explore the Ulduar Raid instance. 

Below is a small statement from their site.

We are proud to declare that all WOTLK PVE raid content has now been cleared. This is both a moment of triumph and a cause for concern. The question in all our minds right now is if we could do this, how soon until the rest of the top guilds in the world clear all the raid content that WOTLK has to offer? Did Blizzard miscalculated in the tuning of these encounters? Or is this Blizzard folding under the weight of a large casual player base that demands to be on equal footing with end-game raiders?

Malygos down…


   
 

You can find their loot on   but it doesn't look like there is anything new since the beta loot table.

The full beta loot tables for each instance 10/25 Players can be found in the instance summaries:
Naxxramas Loot Table 
The Obsidian Sanctum Loot Table 
The Eye of Eternity Loot Table 
Tier 7 Armor Sets 

Congratulations again to them for going through the first part of the expansion in less than 3 days!