Boubouille2008-12-15, 02:41 PMWinter Veil - Achievements Mini-Guide
Merrymaker  is part of What A Long, Strange Trip It's Been  to get the Violet Proto-Drake  I assume that most of you will try to complete it, here is a small guide to help you becoming a Merrymaker! 

On Metzen! 
Complete  the Reindeer  /  the Reindeer , Metzen is still in the Searing Gorge and in Tanaris, just like all the other years. You can check the map on wowhead  The quests for this achievement start in Orgrimmar / Ironforge depending on your faction. Like pretty much all the quests for the event 

Scrooge  / Scrooge 
Another "free" achievement, just buy a Snowball  and throw it at King Magni Bronzebeard  in Ironforge or Cairne Bloodhoof  in Thunder Bluff depending on your faction.

'Tis the Season  
To complete this achievement you will need a full set of Winter clothing. 
Red Clothes  / Green Clothes  are crafted by tailors. 
Winter Boots  are crafted by leatherworkers.
Red Winter Hat  and Green Winter Hat  are slightly more difficult to obtain. You will need to drop them from various bosses in instance. 

Just like last year, the drop locations for these hats have been updated for level 80 players to prevent them from being soloable but the red hat probably is for the stronger classes, the easiest way to complete the achievement is obviously to rush the nexus with a friend. The known drop locations in Wrath of the Lich King are as follow: 
Red Winter Hat  - Grand Magus Telestra  The Nexus, Jedoga Shadowseeker  Ahn'kahet, 
Green Winter Hat  - Mage-Lord Urom  The Oculus
Feel free to contribute with the missing drop locations in comments.

The last part of the achievement is the Graccu's Mince Meat Fruitcake  is contained in Smokywood Pastures Extra-Special Gift  and Smokywood Pastures Sampler , they will be mailed to you after freeing Metzen see the first achievement or completing Treats for Greatfather Winter 

Simply Abominable 
Complete the  Winter Veil Treats  /  Winter Veil Treats  questline. They require you to talk to the Strange Snowman  in Alterac Mountains to get a quest  to kill The Abominable Greench 

Bros. Before Ho Ho Ho's 
When you're done laughing at the name of the achievement, you can check the small guides in Wowhead comments for both faction:
Horde 
Alliance 
Alliance players have to talk to a lot more people, but Horde players have to go through Northrend and eventually end up in Icecrown, it might be a problem for players below level 77. The hardest part of the achievement might be getting the Mistletoe , to obtain it just type /kiss while targeting a Winter Reveler  This is a random "drop", you might have to try it a few times to actually get the Mistletoe

He Knows If You've Been Naughty 
Open one of the presents underneath the Winter Veil tree once they are available. You only need to open ONE present and not all of them, it's basically another free achievement. The presents are only available from December 25th to January 2nd and you'll have to wait a few days before you can complete this one.

With a Little Helper from My Friends 
Earn 50 honorable kills as a Little Helper from the Winter Wondervolt machine. The machines are outside Orgrimmar / Ironforge, just step into it to get a 30 minutes transformation buff and enter your favorite battleground to kill a few people! Note that the transformation does NOT persist through death, you will have to finish/leave the battleground and get another transformation if you die

Fa-la-la-la-Ogri'la 
Complete Bomb Them Again!  after transforming your mount with Preserved Holly  / Fresh Holly  rewarded from various quests and Winter Revelers during the event.

Crashin' & Thrashin' 
This achievement requires to use the special ability of your Crashin' Thrashin' Racer Controller  and smash other player's racer Video  This item is available from the presents under the christmas tree and won't be available before December 25th. Except if you still have unopened presents from last year

Let It Snow 
During the Feast of Winter Veil, use a Handful of Snowflakes on each of the race/class combinations listed below. This achievement could be hard because the only way to get Handful of Snowflakes  is by kissing Winter Revelers once an hour. Hopefully, they're not soulbound and can be sold / exchanged between your characters, depending on how desperate you are you could just create level 1 characters to get enough of them. You could also do that to sell tons of them at the AH ... but you can't sell conjured items.

The Winter Veil Gourmet 
Depending on your character, this might be the hardest achievement. It requires you to cook Gingerbread Cookie  Egg Nog  and Hot Apple Cider  The patterns are all available from the NPC, there are only two small problems:

You will need Small Egg  for two of these recipes, and will probably have to run to a low level zone to farm them along with 30 other players. Buying them at 50G/stack at the AH is also an option
Hot Apple Cider  require 325 cooking skill! If you never took the time to level your cooking, you will have to go through all the leveling just to complete this achievement.

Needless to say that the price of cooking reagents will most likely skyrocket.

A Frosty Shake 
During the Feast of Winter Veil, use your Winter Veil Disguise kit  to become a snowman and then dance with another snowman in Dalaran. The Winter Veil Disguise kit  is one of the reward mailed to you after completing Stolen Winter Veil Treats 