Boubouille2008-12-16, 11:22 AMUpdate - Season 5 Gear prices are available in this thread 

Season 5 Arena/Honor items
Season 5 starts this week! Blizzard posters made a small recap of the gear available in Season 5 and for some reasons weapons aren't mentionned in the first two tiers of PvP gear, maybe they just didn't think it was worth mentioning or it could mean that Savage and Hateful Gladiator weapons aren't going to be implemented on live servers. 

Anyway, you can still check the Season 5 Armor Sets and Weapons  on our dedicated page. 


 
With Arena Season 5 launching on December 16, we wanted to provide some helpful information. The method in which Arena or Honor items can be purchased will be slightly different then how it was before. For Arena items, there will be 3 tiers of purchasable set items that includes pieces for the Head, Shoulders, Chest, Gloves, and Legs as follows:

Tier 1 - Superior blue quality items:
No rating requirements
Costs Honor and Arena points
Equivalent to heroic dungeon items

Tier 2- Epic purple quality items:
Medium rating requirements
Costs Arena points
Equivalent to 10-person raid items

Tier 3 - Epic purple quality items:
High rating requirements
Costs Arena points
Equivalent to 25-person raid items
This tier will also contain Arena weapons

In addition, there will be two tiers of Honor items that includes pieces for the neck, ring, boots, belt, bracer, and trinket as follows:

Tier 1 – Epic purple quality items:
Medium rating requirements
Costs Honor points
Equivalent to 10-person raid items

Tier 2 – Epic purple quality items:
High rating requirements
Costs Honor points
Equivalent to 25-person raid items 


PTR 3.0.8 Official patch notes updated
Wryxian posted slightly updated patch notes  on the european forums. A lot of these changes have been mentionned in past blue posts, but I'm pretty sure that Polearms now trainable by Druids and Mental Quickness swapped with Static Shock are new changes. 
 Death Knight Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Death Knights have access to unique death-knight only facial textures and skin tones. These can be selected at the character creation screen. 

 Druid Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Polearms: Now trainable by Druids.
Starfall: Instead of canceling shapeshifting, now cancels on shapeshifting into an animal form.

 Hunter Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Arcane Shot: Mana cost lowered to match the cost of Steady Shot.
Explosive Shot: Damage increased substantially, and additional scaling added to compensate Survival Hunters for the decrease in power of Steady Shot. No longer deals damage to secondary targets.

 Shaman Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Mental Quickness and Static Shock have switched positions in the talent tree.
Mental Quickness: The change from attack power to agility has been reverted. Reduces the mana cost of instant cast Shaman spells by 2/4/6% and increases spell power by an amount equal to 10/20/30% of your attack power.
Elemental Oath: In addition to existing effects, now increases spell damage done by the Shaman by 5/10% while Elemental Focus Clearcasting is active.
Elemental Mastery: Redesigned. Now increases the Shaman’s critical strike chance by 20% for 30 seconds. Cooldown remains at 3 minutes.

 Warlock Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Demonic Knowledge: Patch note changes rolled back. Talent reverted to its 3.0.3 state.
Demonic Tactics: Patch note changes rolled back. Talent reverted to its 3.0.3 state.

Professions
Inscription
Deterrence Glyph: Now -10 seconds instead of -20.


Character Re-Customization Now Available in Europe!
Ready for a new look in World of Warcraft, but the barbershop's just not cutting it? You can now change a character’s gender, face, skin color, and other cosmetic features such as tauren horn styles or a night elf's facial markings using the brand-new Character Re-Customization service.
Available at the Account Management  page for a flat fee of 15€/£12, Character Re-Customization covers all available cosmetic options for a single character and includes an optional name change to go with your new look.

For more information, see the FAQ  -- or log in to the Character Re-Customization  page now to begin the process of reinventing the new you! 


Blue posts
Healing and mana management "too easy" for the moment
Mana management for healers in particular, and in large raids in particular, does seem to be really easy. This is interesting because so many players in beta had the feedback that they were having mana difficulties.

You can point at several mechanics that might make mana regen too easy: replenishment, int benefiting spirit regen, spirit offering so many other benefits, the content being relatively easy right now....

We aren't making any changes to how things work for the moment, but it is something we're keeping an eye on. Just keep in mind that when encounters can't challenge healer mana pools, they end up having complex mechanics to learn, or dump huge damage spikes on the tanks in order to be of sufficient difficulty.

Ulduar will also be harder than Naxx. Source 

Arena balancing and Season 5 launch
Look, this is the first major change WoW has seen since Arenas launched. At the beginning of BC nobody was quite sure what to expect. Classes and gear and even the Arena rules evolved since that time, but we still have seen nothing on the scale of the class and gear changes that occured when Lich King went live. We've done our estimates and players have made many predictions and we are all going to know a lot more about the true state of things in a few weeks here. Sure, I'm nervous. The forums and perhaps even the actual game are going to be pretty crazy for a few days. If the past is any indication, there will be at least one or two huge issues that nobody predicted while some of the things we were all worried about will end up being not that big a deal. But you have my word that we will keep making adjustments until things feel fair. Source 

Healing and resilience effect on game balancing
Dynamics shift dramatically as players acquire more resilience gear. Specs and comps that aren't viable in straight PvE gear become much more viable when burst damage decreases. We have seen this happen for four seasons now.

We haven't made an effort to keep the dynamic from shifting, nor do we think it's a problem that the dynamic shifts. On the contrary, if you didn't notice any effect from all that gladiator gear you were acquiring, it would be much less motivational as a reward.

Likewise, if you could heal through tons of damage even without a lot of PvP gear, then what would happen with lots of PvP gear? It's likely the game would devolve into silencing or CC'ing the healer and specs that rely on doing a lot of damage would be shut out as gear improved.

As I have said in a few threads, most players agree that the strength of healing increases as the burst damage endemic to crits decreases. The only question is to what degree. Source 

Patch notes bug fixes list
The patch notes tend to focus more on design changes. It lists some bugs, but there are a lot more bugs fixed than make the list. Source 

Guild structure and raid composition
My perception is that guild structure has more variety than many players suspect.

What I mean is that there are very small guilds who focus on 10-player content, but every player is there for every attempt. There are also huge guilds with hundreds of players that can run 2-3 separate 25-player runs. Many guilds have core raiders and then a lot of other people who are content to level or do heroics and maybe fill in for the raid once in awhile. There are guilds that struggle to ever get Resto druids and guilds that have rogues and paladins coming out their ears. Many guilds have long-term players who have changed their main character and maybe even the role they fill multiple times. Many guilds collapse and new, often smaller and sometimes better guilds rise from their ashes.

We do make changes to try to acknowledge the diversity of guilds. Allowing for a complete 10-player progression path was one of them. Giving groups more ways to get the most powerful buffs was another.

The buff / debuff overhaul was a pretty big undertaking. While we are happy with the core design, we do feel there are specs that could offer a little more and that is the kind of thing we will improve over time. We definitely don't want to get back in the realm though where a spec has such a crazy powerful ability that they are considered mandatory for a raid to succeed. 

[...] Are Innervate, Rebirth and Bloodlust great abilities? Absolutely. Am I happy when I get one in my raid? Yes. Do I sit out the warlock, rogue or mage in order to stack Rebirth? Not really. A good raid is one in which Rebirth gets used zero times.

Players also have a tendency to gloss over that "all other things being equal" part. Very few guilds can make the assumption that everyone in the raid has equal skill and gear, and honestly those guilds don't have invite drama. They know exactly who is coming and why ahead of time.

Should you take a great shaman with Bloodlust over a cruddy rogue? Probably.

Should you take a cruddy shaman with Bloodlust over a great rogue, assuming Bloodlust will make up the dps differnce? Probably a bad move.

Are your shaman and rogue consistently within 5% dps of each other to where the only tie goes to Bloodlust? If so, I would argue you are in some theoretical space and not in the actual game. If your guild is this good then the real answer is it probably doesn't matter and you are going to resolve the invite with a /random or DKP or who is best friends with the GM or something. Source 

 Death Knight Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Feedbacks on threat issues
We could definitely use some more feedback on this. We aren't seeing many threat issues on death knights overall, but that's why I am asking for more input. It could be that DKs are really gimping themelseves threat-wise in order to reach the defense cap.

It is also interesting that DKs would complain about their initial burst threat, since there are several posts in this forum from druids arguing that their initial burst threat is the weakest among the tanks. Source 

 Druid Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Swipe threat increase
We think we might try increasing threat by 50% because that is something easy to hotfix. That should buy you enough globals to do other things, and provide enough wiggle room if you get a target out of the area for one Swipe. We'll consider additional changes after we've had a chance to see how that plays out. Source 

Swipe Source 
I haven't commented on Swipe in some time because a lot of different arguments tend to get mashed together. That in turn makes it hard for us to detect if the ability actually isn't doing its job, or if [some] druids just want it to work differently, or if [some] druids want more different kinds of buttons to push.

Here are the arguments I typically see, roughly ranked in what I think is most to least important.

Swipe doesn't generate enough sustained threat.
Swipe doesn't generate enough burst threat.
Swipe's angle and target requirement make it hard to use.
Swipe is okay, but you want other abilities to throw in there with it and without giving Swipe a cooldown. 

[...] Part of my point was that many of you are posting something to the effect of "All druids agree that the main problem is X," when even within a few posts you see wildly different opinions.

We aren't going to turn Swipe into Thunder Clap, and I don't think many of you are asking for that though a few are.

The problem is if we changed the cone or if we changed the threat or if we added another ability, then a large portion of this thread at least would respond "But you didn't fix the problem."

So the kinds of discussions we are having are what changes to make to Swipe if any that will solve some of these problems without turning Swipe into Thunder Clap. 

[...] Right, but imagine we increased the threat generated by swipe by 400% just for the sake of argument. Now it is possible to say:

Swipe generates so much threat that I can use Mangle, Maul, Lacerate, Bash, Feral Charge or Demo Roar without worrying about losing aggro.

I can spam Swipe, but why? After a hit or two I have more than enough threat. I can afford to save it even.

If the threat was high enough, it could have a cooldown to enforce not spamming it. We'd be very reluctant to do this though.

Swipe has a positional requirement which requires a little more planning or skill to use than Consecrate, but in return it generates a lot more threat.

My point above was that we are not going to make everybody happy, so you will probably find yourselves less disappointed if you don't get tied to the One True change that will fix Swipe for you.

It is very easy to look over at another character and think "Man, if I just had that ability, I could do my job so much better." That's a good thing. It means that other classes' abilities are so cool or useful that you want them. But for the same reason we are hesitant to give them to you because then the ability is less special and the classes all end up feeling really similar. If you ever switch from druid to warrior or paladin or DK, we want you to have to relearn the class. Make sense?

We want druids to be great AE tanks, and it may be that you aren't quite there yet. But we will almost certainly do it without removing the positional requirement AND adding a lot of threat to Swipe. 

 Hunter Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Hunter melee boost?
Hunters are fundamentally a ranged class. I don't think many people are arguing against that.

The melee issue came up as a potential answer to what you do when someone closes on you?

Plate-wearers can often stand there and take it.
Rogues can pop Evasion, or stun and run.
Mages can Blink... and so on.

Maybe it makes sense that hunters, as mail-wearers with some melee specials, should be a little closer to the top of that list than the bottom. We're not saying a hunter should take out a death knight at point-blank range. But maybe if the DK is wounded or the hunter has good healing that you should think twice about always running up on the hunter. 

[...] Some of you guys make it sound as if every decision in an Arena is pre-determined. If you fight a hunter you will ALWAYS run up to melee with the hunter. If all of the decisions were that easy, we would all be walking around with Gladiator titles.

Rather, what really happens is that you make a lot of decisions on the fly. You process a lot of information quickly, and those of us who can make the right decision very, very fast tend to do really well in PvP. Maybe I can burst that guy down while he's on cooldown. Maybe we need to switch targets right now. Maybe we need to buy some time until my ability has finished its cooldown.

Arenas are fundamentally not duels simply because there are teams involved, and that makes a world of difference.

I can totally imagine a situation where "run up on the hunter" makes sense somtimes perhaps the hunter has no healer nearby and I'm at full health and his Disengage is on cooldown and not at other times perhaps I am very wounded so I know that a Raptor Strike could actually do me bodily harm instead of being something missing from many hunter bars. Nobody is suggesting "Hey, what if hunters could also be rogues?" least of all the hunters. Source 

 Paladin Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Judgement bug fixed
Okay, we think we have been able to isolate this bug and put in a fix that prevents Judgements from failing any longer. Assuming a little more testing supports this conclusion we plan on hotfixing this.

Sorry you had to endure it for so long. Source 

Loken with a Holy Paladin healer
Here is a strategy I have seen used a lot on heroic Loken with a paladin healing.

Everyone moves to melee together. The paladin casts Beacon on himself.
When you get the emote for Lightning Nova, everyone moves back together.
There is often a misperception that Lightning Nova has a huge range. It doesn't. You don't have to move far.
You also don't need to run back to Loken. Let him come to you. Then next Lightning Nova, move backwards again. You can do a slow kite all the way around the globe if you need to.
Of Loken's three abilities, Lightning Nova is the worst, followed by Pulsing Shockwave. Arc Lightning can do a lot of damage, but it's not always worth spreading out to try and avoid it because then the other two abilities can nail you. However, if you are getting multiple stacks of Arc Lightning, the damage can add up. If it gets to be a problem, try to spread out slightly but still move together as a group.
This isn't a healing fight at the end of the day. It's a movement and coordination fight, much like Murmur in Shadow Labs.

Loken does kill more players than any other boss. He's not a pushover. Good luck! Source 

 Rogue Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Rogue DPS and Honor Among Thieves
Rogues should be doing very high dps if not the highest dps for some fights. If that isn't happening we will buff them ideally in a way that does not inflate their PvP damage potential.

There is a known bug with Honor Among Thieves where multiple rogues with the ability in one group generate too many combo points. It isn't our intent that this bug make up any PvE dps deficiency.

A similar bug was mentioned months ago where only one rogue in a group would receive combo points frequently if other people in the group received a lot of crits. This is working as intended as far as we can tell. Source 