Boubouille2008-10-28, 09:48 AMhttp://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/24x24/paladin.jpg Some Retribution changes hotfixed - 3.0.3 not this week
Some of the changes to the paladin's retribution tree posted yesterday http://www.mmo-champion.com/index.php?topic=23233.0 are being hotfixed to live servers today. I guess it totally rules out the possibility of seeing patch 3.0.3 on live servers this week It wouldn't make much sense to hotfix something a few hours before a class balancing patch. We'll probably have to wait one more week to see it deployed on all realms, for the time being you can always read :
Patch 3.0.3.9138 Recap http://www.mmo-champion.com/index.php?topic=22989.0 Oct 25
Patch 3.0.3.9095 Recap + Patch notes http://www.mmo-champion.com/index.php?topic=21976.0 Oct 17
We are going to hotfix the nerfs to Judgement of the Wise from 33% to 15% and Seal and Judgement of Command down 20% damage to live. We need to start getting more testing on these changes right away to see what they do to Retribution in PvE and PvP. We still intend to lower the damage of other Seals and Judgements except one - see below, but to hotfix those requires touching a lot more data so we think that change can wait for the 3.0.3 patch on live.

We are also hotfixing the beta to return Seal and Judgement of Blood and the Martyr back up to 95% of where the used to be. Live will just never get the nerf to these abilities at all. Hopefully this will compensate PvE Retadins for relying less on more expensive AE abilities that risk putting them out of mana.

To summarize:

Live 3.0.2 build -- Judgement of Wise change, Seal and Judgement of Command change.
Beta 3.0.3 build -- All nerfs already active, but Blood and Martyr un-nerfed.
Next Live patch to 3.0.3 build -- Catches Live up to Beta. I can't give you an estimate for 3.0.3 on Live yet, but it will be before Lich King goes live on Nov 13. 

[...]

As I posted in one thread, you should be able to use those core abilities Divine Storm, a Judgement / Seal and Crusader Strike without going OOM. Some players are finding that to be true, so please let us know if you aren't.

If you do add Consecration or healing, your mana should drop down lower. You're making a choice not to be sustainable in order to do something else.

Divine Plea should help offset that at 80. Some of the Int on your gear should help offset that for now. 


US Realms - Free Character Moves - 10/28 to 11/04
We will be offering free character moves from a selected high population realm to a lower populated realm, assisting in population dispersal. The ability to move a character on the selected source realms will become available on Tuesday, October 28 at 12:00PM PDT, and are scheduled to run until Tuesday, November 4 at 12:00PM PDT.

In the event that these realms meet our transfer goals before the scheduled end date, the transfers to that realm will be disabled. We highly recommend that if you are planning to transfer that you do so at your earliest convenience. No characters will be eligible for these free moves once the transfers have been closed.

Once the transfers open you can begin your transfer by visiting the Character Move page located here: https://www.worldofwarcraft.com/account/character-move.html https://www.worldofwarcraft.com/account/character-move.html

Source A PvE - Silvermoon, Aggramar, Alexstrasza, Proudmoore, Whisperwind
Destination A PvE - Korialstrasz

Source B PvE - Zul'jin, Area 52, Medivh, Thrall Doomhammer
Destination B PvE - Terokkar

Source C RP-PvE - Moon Guard, Argent Dawn, Feathermoon
Destination C RP-PvE - Sisters of Elune

Source D PvP - Tichondrius, Kil'Jaeden, Mal'Ganis, Arthas, Mannoroth, Blackrock
Destination D PvP - Azshara

Source E Oceanic PvP - Frostmourne, Barthilas, Jubei'Thos
Destination E Oceanic PvP - Dreadmaul


Blue posts
Reminder - Hallow's End meta-achievement and mask achievement
The mask achievement will remain in the game but not be part of the meta-achievement to become "The Hallowed". Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/1/11829378724-the-hollows-end-achievment.html

Class balancing at level 70
Keep in mind classes will get new spells and abilities going from 70-80. Some of these will add new mechanics to certain classes and we must balance around that. Classes are always primarily balanced around the end game when we can look at everything a class has against all other classes. While you see the end game at 70, we've been developing with 80 in mind for quite some time now. 

Class balancing in patch 3.0.3
The class adjustments to which you're referring that are coming in the next minor patch are primarily related to class performance at level 80. It is incorrect to argue that we're tuning damage output due to class performance at level 70, thereby asserting that these classes will be underwhelming at level 80. 

Party/Raid wide buffs
There are a few buffs that are still party-wide and not raid. Typically these are spells which would have felt really lame with the lower numbers needed to justify them going raid-wide. Vampiric Embrace is another example. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/8/11829378911-are-we-the-only-class-with-party-wide-buffs.html

End of zombie plague
I did say last week that the event would only last days, not weeks. To me that means 2-6 days. The event ran exactly as we planned with the most severe day being the last: Sunday. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/1/11829528965-proofzombie-infestation-was-suppose-to-end.html

Focus on paladin in the last few days
What I hope the paladin community understands is I did try and spend a lot of time in this forum over the last couple of days. But that came at the expense of 9 other classes who probably feel pretty neglected about now not to mention the PvP, tradeskills and raid forums. Just try and keep that in mind if I have to spend a lot of time with another class soon. I just about reached my capacity for reading threads yesterday. I can't do that personally in every class forum regularly. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/5/11829519101-thank-you.html

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/24x24/mage.jpg Mage Skills List http://www.mmo-champion.com/index.php?page=670 / Talent Calc. 9095 http://talent.mmo-champion.com/?mage
Finger of Frost in 3.0.3

In order to get the same effect from Fingers of Frost as from actual frozen targets, we would have to set up the spell the same way as freezing, so that you could sneak that Ice Lance in between Frostbolts. Right now you get 2 big hits from Fingers of Frost, which you rightly want to spend on Frostbolt. If we changed Fingers of Frost so that Frostbolt always broke it, then you would want to get that Ice Lance in there, but your overall dps would go down. We'd need to compensate Frost some other way for that nerf, and it's the kind of thing that might not be popular with the mage community because we'd be nerfing Fingers of Frost's damage potential in order to force you into using Ice Lance all in the name of more interesting rotations. Obviously we're not that nervous about making unpopular changes when we think they are warranted, and overall encouraging players to use different kinds of spells is a good thing.

Of course if we also made Fingers of Frost or Ice Lance better, then we're just going to have problems with Frost in PvP.

Frost's PvE dps is very good right now -- if anything it's a little closer to Fire than we predicted. If Frost starts to fall off for any reason, that would be a good opportunity to revisit FoF to see if we can get more of the behavior you're describing, because ultimately I agree it would be cool to see more PvE Ice Lances. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/4/11829519585-gc-the-shatter-combo-problem.html

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/24x24/paladin.jpg Paladin Skills List http://www.mmo-champion.com/index.php?page=610 / Talent Calc. 9095 http://talent.mmo-champion.com/?paladin
Mana issues
We don't want mana to be irrelevant for any class but we don't want it to be so limiting that you spend a great portion of a long fight on fumes. When you hit that point is a little subjective and also varies based on gear and skill.

Consectation and Holy Wrath and to a lesser extent Divine Storm are AE spells, and those are priced so that they aren't as efficient against single targets. These would be the equivalent of a hunter using Volley or a mage using Arcane Explosion against single targets. They are useful tools in your arsenal and sometimes you are in a situation where you're mana rich or you need to burn down a mob at any cost. Exorcism is a single target spell and shouldn't be too expensive, but it's also not something you can use in every fight. 

[...] Now as I posted in another thread, if Ret paladins can't do decent damage without relying on those AEs, then that is a problem we need to look at. 

Skill rotation and mana usage
We think you can go almost indefinetely on mana by using Divine Storm, Crusader Strike and a Seal / Judgement. If you want to add things to that, Consecration, Hammer or a heal perhaps, your mana will start to dip, but Divine Plea should make up for that. In PvP, you can make the choice to blow all of your mana knowing that you have time before the next fight to build your reserves back up. Or if you want to go from target to target with no downtime, don't blow all of your mana. 

Mana drain
We will do some tests and analysis of whether Ret is too susceptible to mana drains in PvP since that seems to be something the community is worried about. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/5/11829528757-mana-regen-vs-mana-drain-effects.html

Holy DPS
As soon as we're comfortable that we haven't over-nerfed Ret, and a couple of other things, we're going to look at healer dps again to make sure you can solo or throw the occasional damage spell in a group. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/5/11829579241-nonsarcastic-holy-dps-thread-sorry-gc.html