Boubouille2008-11-12, 12:08 AMUpdate 14:30 CEST - Armor Sets & Season 5 Gear
Season 5 Armor Sets & Weapons  page now online
Tier 7 Armor Sets  page now online

US realms
We will be performing an urgent maintenance on all realms beginning at 4:00 AM PST. We anticipate no more than three hours of downtime. This maintenance is designed to correct a very recent issue where players were able to obtain certain PvP items without paying the intended price. 

Once the maintenance concludes, players who obtained such items will notice them removed from their inventory. However. any tokens or arena/honor points spent on said gear will be appropriately refunded. 

We wanted to inform our players regarding today’s extended maintenance. We experienced an error that resulted in players being unable to retrieve in-game mail from the last 15 days. Once the error was discovered, we brought down the realms immediately and began working to address this problem, and have been doing so for the duration of the day. Our decision was to enable players to continue playing World of Warcraft before the opening of Wrath of the Lich King. Work would continue on addressing issues with the in-game mail while the realms were up. This is the plan that is currently in motion.

The process from this point forward will be twofold:

1. All items that were in a mail will be sent to characters in one or more messages depending on the amount of items the character had in the mail system.
2. Gold from auction house sales or sent through mail will be sent in a separate mail.

We are working to resolve this issue, and we will keep our players informed throughout this process. In the meantime, please do not create an in-game ticket or contact phone support for this issue – multiple mails will be sent returning your items and gold automatically. We greatly appreciate your patience during this time. 

------------------------------------------


<script src=""></script>Wrath of the Lich King - Account upgrade & US Client now available
According to a few mails I got, the EU account upgrade  is now available and players can start upgrading their account for Wrath of the Lich King.

After succesfully upgrading your account, it will change into a "Undefined Account type" but considering that the link is directly from the WotLK installer ... We can assume it works. The page will probably be available for US players shortly, maybe after the maintenance ? Note how I used "maybe" and "probably" 

Update - It seems that after a short while the account update status will change to reflect that you have indeed upgraded to a WotLK account. 
Update #2 - Available for US servers too  !
Update #3 - It also looks like the US Downloader  for Wrath of the Lich King is available. 


US - Free Character Moves to New Realm! 11/10
We will be offering free character moves from selected high population realms to a brand new realm, Fizzcrank, to assist in population dispersal. The ability to move a character on the selected source realms will become available starting on Monday, November 10 at 12:00PM PST, and is scheduled to run until Monday, November 24 at 12:00PM PST.

In the event that these realms meet our transfer goals before the scheduled end date, the transfers to that realm will be disabled. We highly recommend that if you are planning to transfer that you do so at your earliest convenience. No characters will be eligible for these free moves once the transfers have been closed.

Once the transfers open you can begin your transfer by visiting the Character Move page located here:  

We will continue to evaluate realms and add more free character moves as we feel they are needed.

Source A PvE - Aggramar, Alexstrasza, Arygos, Blackhand
Destination A PvE - Fizzcrank


Blue posts
That's probably the last batch of blue posts on the homepage before the release of WotLK the blue tracker  will be your new friend for the upcoming days. 
US Extended Maintenance 11/11 *Updated*
We are continuing to address the issues with players being unable to access their in-game mail. The process will run for several more hours, and we will provide another update on when the servers will be playable within the next 2 hours. Thank you for your patience. Source 

11/10/08 - Hotfix - Not In My House
Today we hotfixed the "Not In My House " achievement to only require 2 kills rather than 10. The user interface will still display that 10 kills are required but the achievement will complete once 2 kills occur.

After a client patch, the user interface will be corrected. 

Crafters personal buffs
All crafters have their personal buffs too. Like ring enchants for enchanters or the unique shoulder enchants for those with inscription. They all have a special buff whether it's a crafting or gathering profession. Source 

Tier 7 Armor Tokens
Yes one of the tokens has 4 classes and two of the tokens have 3. However the tokens with 3 classes have a 30% drop rate and the token with 4 has a 40% drop rate. Source 

BoP crafted items
It's entirely likely that there will be more BoP crafted items. What there won't be is "I have to be a crafter for item X because it's the best thing ever!" items. Source 

WotLK Upgrade on multiple accounts
For each account that you want to access the new content like Northrend, each one will need to be upgraded with its own unique key code. Source 

Is it thursday yet ??
I just wanted to pop into this thread briefly to inform everyone that we are still working hard on Thursday and are making good progress, though it is still not Thursday as of yet. Source 