Boubouille2008-11-11, 04:31 PMNaxxramas 10 & 25 Loot List
I was supposed to have summaries for both Naxxramas 10 and 25 ready for today but ... Well, I don't. However the loot lists are ready and I'm only waiting for a few minor things to get the summaries online, I'll assume that most of you are only interested in the updated loot lists and I decided to post them even if the Nax pages aren't done yet. 


   

Set pages should be here shortly, but for references here are the latest stats of Tier 7 sets. 
Chest - 4 Horsemen Naxxramas
Head - Kel'Thuzad Naxxramas
Legs - Thaddius Naxxramas
Shoulders - Loatheb Naxxramas
Hands - Sartharion The Obsidian Sanctum

 Death Knight
Scourgeborne's Battlegear 10 
Scourgeborne's Battlegear 25 
Scourgeborne's Plate 10 
Scourgeborne's Plate 25 

 Druid
Dreamwalker's Battlegear 10 
Dreamwalker's Battlegear 25 
Dreamwalker's Garb 10 
Dreamwalker's Garb 25 
Dreamwalker's Regalia 10 
Dreamwalker's Regalia 25 

 Hunter
Cryptstalker's Battlegear 10  
Cryptstalker's Battlegear 25 

 Mage
Frostfire Garb 10 
Frostfire Garb 25 

 Paladin
Redemption's Battlegear 10 
Redemption's Battlegear 25  
Redemption's Plate 10 
Redemption's Plate 25 
Redemption's Regalia 10 
Redemption's Regalia 25 

 Priest
Garb of Faith 10 
Garb of Faith 25 
Regalia of Faith 10 
Regalia of Faith 25 

 Rogue
Bonescythe's Battlegear 10 
Bonescythe's Battlegear 25 

 Shaman
Earthshatter's Battlegear 10 
Earthshatter's Battlegear 25 
Earthshatter's Garb 10 
Earthshatter's Garb 25 
Earthshatter's Regalia 10 
Earthshatter's Regalia 25 

 Warlock
Plagueheart Garb 10 
Plagueheart Garb 25 

 Warrior
Dreadnaught's Battlegear 10 
Dreadnaught's Battlegear 25 
Dreadnaught's Plate 10 
Dreadnaught's Plate 25 
The release of Wrath of the Lich King is very close, but I'm still confident that most of the important content will be online for the release. More updates on the way.


Nihilum and SK-Gaming to merge into a new guild
It looks like most of the members from Nihilum and SK-Gaming ex Curse decided to merge into a single guild ... more info on November 25th. 

From  

We are proud to announce the forming of a new force in World of Warcraft. Many of you will remember the guilds Nihilum and SK GamingCurse from the past years, we have now decided to combine our strengths to create the number one team for Wrath of the Lich King and beyond. We have spent a considerable amount of time forging the greatest roster ever assembled in this game and we are now ready to take on anything that is released. To support this roster we have finally found an appropriately motivated team to back us and help us reach our full potential. Together we aim to deliver a much more professional and WoW tailored experience to the community than anything else that has been done in the past.

At this point we are just offering a taste of what's to come. As the name suggests we are going to be doing our full launch on the 25th of November under a new brand but we wanted to let the community know that we are combining our efforts prior to this launch. So what is coming on the 25th? We are going to launch a new portal that's built around the guild with the goal of being one of the best World of Warcraft community sites. So watch this space until the 25th. You will find us leveling up on Magtheridon and striving for world firsts in the new wave of content.

Thomas "Kungen" Bengtsson - Guild Master
Philip "Mek" Curry - Guild Master
Markus "Mackzter" Dahlgren - Guild Master
Mark "Nessaj" Laursen - Community Manager

Visit us @ IRC: #25Nov - Quakenet 