Boubouille2008-12-01, 09:00 AMSartharion 10 + 3 Drakes video by Method
As you probably know Method  did the World First kill of Sartharion with 3 drakes up in 10 players mode. According to most raiders that's the hardest encounter available in Wrath of the Lich King, mostly because it's fairly hard to control 3 adds + Sartharion with only 10 players. You can now check out a video of the fight 

 

Res.: 1920x1200
Runtime: 10 Minutes 700mb
Point of View: Holy Paladin
Raid:  Karm 
 Oranoss  
 Lownita 
 Deify 
 Protec 
 Coranial  
 Safarii 
 Rukli 
 Snoozo 
 Sco 


Blue posts
Nothing really new here, but a few words from Ghostcrawler about raid difficulty.
Raid difficulty and tanking
We definitely wanted to make tanking, especially 5-player dungeons and the introductory raids, a little easier. We also wanted to improve the AE-tanking capabilities of all tanks.

We don't think the threat game is what is fun about tanking. It's a largely invisible and confusing number that traditionally required a mod in order to be tracked. We do want tanks to care about threat or else they just stack mitigation and blame threat on the rogue and we want them to care about dps too.

Remember that the old Naxx was the pinnacle of 40-player raiding. The new Naxx was designed to be more like Karazhan, or even a litle easier, considering that some of the Kara fights the dragons, Prince and Aran in particular required a lot of coordination.

Ulduar and subsequent raids will be a step up in difficulty, and I would also expect to see a lot more of the "hard mode" challenges, like "3 drakes up." We want to give players a chance to really test their mettle and have "server first" mean something and all that. We just want to do it without shutting 90% of players out of the instances -- arguably one of the coolest aspects of the game considering all of the customized art and sound -- and especially not the first couple of raids.

If we're having this conversation about Icecrown, then I would admit we have a problem. Source 

Raid composition and upcoming dual spec
It would be elegant if a 5-player run took 1 tank, 3 dps, 1 healer and a 25-player run took 5 tanks, 15 dps and 5 healers.

It just doesn't work out that way. We don't think we can offer enough interesting encounters if they all have to require 5 tanks and we would have to severely punish stacking healers if the encounters were designed for 5, otherwise you'd probably be able to trivialize the encounter. Usually we do that in the form of berzerk timers.

It's just two competing design goals and we're pretty okay with how it has landed. We did try and make it so that non-tank specs can tank 5-player dungeons, and dual spec will help as well.

Our goal with dual-spec though is more that you can tank heroics on weekends and raid as dps during the week, not that you tank the trash then switch to dps for the boss. Doubtless players will still do the latter, but we aren't designing raid encounters knowing that players have access to dual spec. Don't expect to see 12 tank fights or that sort of nonsense. Source 

Itemization and class diversity
It is not our goal to make sure that every piece you can get is perfect for your class or spec. A lot of the game's depth comes from those tough decisions when you're not sure if a piece is really an upgrade or not, or if that wasted stat is worth the other enormous stat on the piece, or if you are better off passing a minor upgrade to someone else for which it is a huge upgrade.

Upgrades are also boring if every piece = your previous piece but with +2 on all of the stats.

If someone just can't do their job because they lack critical gear, that's a slightly different issue. There have been cases where a critical item say a tanking shield was too rare, or upgrades were too hard to come by say druid or paladin tanks in Sunwell. We think there is a little bit of that going on at the moment, but not too much, and of course we like to add more drops, vendor items, craftables and enchants and gems over time and need room to do so. Source 

 Death Knight Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Tanking gear and defense cap
I think DKs may end up stacking a lot of dodge and parry just because they can't benefit from block percent or block value. They aren't designed to be avoidance tanks though -- they do have a lot of armor and some very strong active abilities for mitigation.

DKs may have a harder time hitting 540 defense than warriors or paladins just because they don't have the shield slot, which often has defense on it. Source 

 Druid Skills List  / Talent Calc. 9095 
Tree of Life and other forms not being able to move for a few seconds after a stun wears off
We'll look at the stun issue. Source 

Parry as Feral
These are all interesting ideas. We're probably less excited to make parry into a useful stat for druids just because one of the interesting things about druid tanks is that they don't care about parry. But that isn't to say we wouldn't do it. Healability, damage reduction or some other ideas nobody has come up with yet are all possible too. This one is going to take some discussion to figure out though. More input is certainly welcomed. Source 


Dark Legacy Comic #167
A new week, a new Dark Legacy Comic !


 