Boubouille2008-12-09, 12:51 PMDarkmoon Faire - New cards in WotLK
The Darkmoon Faire is now active on all servers and will end on December 15th. New Darkmoon cards are available in Wrath of the Lich King and I'm pretty sure I never took the time to news them. 

Drop Location
None! As of today Darkmoon Cards can only be created through inscription Darkmoon Card of the North , this recipe will give you a random Darkmoon Card for a level 80 Deck. Similar recipes are available for LVL 70 Cards  and LVL 60 Cards 

I hope you saved some Eternal Life , they probably won't be cheap in the next few days. 

Decks
Chaos Deck  -> Darkmoon Card: Berserker! 
Undeath Deck  -> Darkmoon Card: Death 
Nobles Deck  -> Darkmoon Card: Greatness  Available in +Strength/+Agility/+Intellect/+Spirit version, check the screenshot 
Prisms Deck  -> Darkmoon Card: Illusion 


 


Dual Talent Spec and Glyphs
Well we agree that swapping talent specs isn't quite enough. No use having a whole load of glyphs for your tanking spec that are almost useless when you're dealing damage, for example. We'd also like to swap over action bars too -- it'd be a pain if you're trying to Mind Flay and you end up trying to Flash Heal!

So yes we have taken these kind of considerations into account and we'd like the feature to do more than "just" swap talent specs.

Because it is a bit more featured than originally mentioned, we'll be needing to do a bit more work on it before we can share it with you. So we're hoping to bring this feature to you in our next major content patch, but only if we're happy enough with it to make it live. 


WoWProgress updated with Achievements rankings
WoWProgress  has been updated and now take some of the WotLK raiding achievements into account. Source: WoWProgress Dev Blog 

Now you can see Achievement info on the guild pages.
Heroic Sartharion with 3 drakes up included into the rating.
Manual guild submit are back, now you can click the “update guild progress” button to manually add your guild to the queue.

Encounters nominal scores:
Sartharion - 2.00
Kel’Thuzad - 3.00
Malygos - 6.00
Heroic: The Twilight Zone Sarth with 3 drakes up - 7.00

There are other heroic achievements presented world/realm ranked, but only The Twilight Zone grants score.


 

<script src=""></script>