Boubouille2009-01-03, 10:34 AMUlduar - Difficulty and Achievements
The reward for completing the hard modes are not going to be just achievement points, titles, or mounts, but improved, additional item rewards.

I think it's safe to say that Ulduar will be a bit more difficult overall than Naxxramas, even without the hard modes. We're still going to tune the zone for accessibility*, but a raid group that's done Naxxramas, Malygos, and Sartharion and obtained the gear from those encounters should be well prepared for Ulduar. Not only is the raid's gear better, but players should now have some raiding experience under their belts. We also have a much more accurate picture of what guilds are capable of from a healing, damage, and tanking perspective then when WotLK first went live. If Naxxramas was the introduction to raiding 101 class for players who have never raided before, think of Ulduar as the second year class.

* There will be one optional encounter that is only tuned as a "hard mode" encounter.

I don't think you have to worry about spoilers from Achievements, to be honest. Seeing achievement text before you fight a boss is like seeing a single piece of a large jigsaw puzzle. Sure, it's something, but it's nothing really without seeing the context of the encounter as a whole. I also expect achievements to be something tested late in the PTR process. Implementing them is one of the last parts of the development pipeline. 


Class vs. damage in Arenas
In the interest of encouraging discussion, I am going to pose a question below.

Caveats: Please don't derail this thread. It it liable to get long. Also please do not take my comments out of context or attempt to read too much between the lines. I hate having to communicate like a politician. &#58;

The same classes keep coming up in Arena discussions: rogues, mages, death knights and paladins. In a world with low resilience, it is perhaps unsurprising that classes that combine burst damage with so many tools for avoiding damage would be powerful.

Let's set aside the discussion of these classes for a moment and to be fair, it is probably specs, not classes. My question is this: In an Arena match in which none of those 4 are participating, do you feel that damage is too high *given* that it will only come down once players acquire more resilience?

If you can't tell, I am trying to get the community to explore whether it is those classes or damage in general that is causing so much consternation. Original thread 


Blue posts
Burst damage vs. Healers efficiency in Arenas
We understand that many players feel burst damage is too high right now. We hear you. But when all is said and done, there still needs to be a place for damage dealers. Killing a healer, even in the absence of crowd control, silences or whatever, still needs to be a viable tactic at the end of the day. Source 

PvE Gear in PvP
Ideally, PvE gear should be what you use until you have PvP gear. The same should be true of using PvP gear to do a raid. Weapons are a little bit of an exception, since traditionally their damage has been high and resilience low. That may be worth changing though. Source 

Gear Upgrade - Slightly different stats on different tiers
Unless the piece's name is orange, gear should almost always be a choice. Even if you are jumping up a tier you may be dropping some stats in order to increase others.

Gearing up is one of the most interesting parts of the game. Deciding whether you want X or Y is supposed to be a tough decision. We make no guarantee that everything that drops is an upgrade for you, even set pieces.

Building the most optimal set of gear for your particular spec is also one of the things that lets more expert players demonstrate mastery of the game. If the set pieces were always better, that wouldn't happen. In fact one of the reasons we made sets smaller not 8 pieces or whatever is so players could still undertake the challenge of completing them without also getting in a position where they were very reluctant to upgrade again. Source 

Buffing vs. Nerfing
We often owe it to the community to take the easy way out, because that means faster changes and fewer bugs. But it isn't always the right decision. Elemental dps is low, and instead of nerfing everyone else we buffed Elemental, because that was a lot easier to do. We have a lot we want to do with the game. We are nearly always going to opt for easy solutions unless the outcome is a lot worse.

I'm not quite sure what your point about tanking is. We're pretty happy with the state of tanking. It still takes a reasonably clever person with good gear to MT a raid, but there are four classes who can do it now. I don't think the threat game was a particularly fun part of PvE for many players, but I also don't think that is why the encounters are easy right now. They are easy because the damage and health done by the mobs is low, and because none of the encounters require that much raid coordination and the trickier ones are encounters players saw before in the 40-player days and were allowed to practice on during beta. Ulduar is all new content and it will be a lot more challenging. I am thinking of one fight in particular that will probably take some time to conquer.

Tanking is still stressful until stuff is completely on farm, not because the tank is furiously mashing Heroic Strike to stay above the lock on threat, but because the tank needs to position the boss and know when to use their cooldowns. Healing will always be stressful, and I don't actually believe the way to make healing more fun is to make healers overpowered. I think it has more to do with giving them cool tools and then beefing up the UI to give them the information they need. Penance is a pretty cool tool. Beacon of Light makes you feel clever when you use it in the right situations. Swiftmend is a lot of fun. I like Riptide. Source 

AE Damage and AE Healing
The four classes do have ways of dealing with AE damage to the raid. You have instant spells, hots, fast casts and AE heals. We have tried not to make any encounters that throw out so much damage that you can't function without a heal that hits 5 targets at once. As I said, those events are supposed to be about triage and coordination, not mashing the uber "fix this" button.

We throw AE damage at groups to challenge the healers, and to a lesser extent, the raid. Hitting one button 2 to 3 times in a row is not challenging. That's not how we want you to solve the problem of Saph's aura or Malygos' Vortex. It is in fact so not challenging that it starts to look pretty attractive any time more than one or two people are taking damage at once, such as most trash pulls and many boss fights. Sure maybe it's not the most efficient or even smartest way to heal, but it's sooo easy.....

We throw AE damage at the raid because players have proven they can pretty much handle any situation where only a few tanks are taking tons of damage though we still have some fights like that. We feel like we need diversity in order to offer as many encounters as we do. Naxx and Ulduar have a lot of bosses.

If we find that we are throwing too much AE damage at the raid with the nerfs to CoH and WG, we'll adjust those encounters. I kind of doubt that will be the case since many groups have those fights on farm even without priests or druids, but because a lot of players are concerned about it, we will absolutely pay close attention to those situations. If we find that CH trivializes AE damage, or if cutting-edge guilds start stacking Resto shamans to the exclusion of other healers, we will make adjustments as well. Again, we don't think that is likely or we would have already done something. But we won't close the door on the possibility of that happening either, because clearly it is a concern of the community.

I have stated the above paragraph many different ways in many different threads over the past couple of months, so please forgive me if I start trotting it out a little less frequently. Source 

Healing and UI Mods
Some players just like mods. Messing around with them and reconfiguring their UI is part of the game for them. That's cool and why we promote it.

However, I also think there is a group of players healers even who would be content to use the default UI if they could make it work. Identifying areas where the default party and raid UI fall down can help us to improve it.

For example, we are unlikely to ever fully support Clique-style one click healing. We just don't think it's necessary to play the game and it's more of a user preference -- perfect for a mod.

However, I do find it annoying that our raid UI can show you buffs or debuffs but not both at the same time. This can be a real pain for say a priest or druid that has both hots and dispellable debuffs and long-term buffs to manage.

A useful question to ask is: What would the default WoW UI need to do to convince you not to install a mod? "Nothing" is a perfectly acceptable answer -- as I said, some people just like mods. Source 

 Death Knight Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Dual Wield vs Two-Hand
The goal is to let death knights make a choice between DW or 2H dps. We realize there is a risk that DW will overtake 2H at some point, but that is not the goal. For most existing classes that promote DW, we allow DW to dominate.

It's hard to tell if that is happening yet on DKs. Patchwerk is a short fight where blowing cooldowns reaps big benefits, and I tend to agree with the opinions that this guy won the lottery.

We haven't decided if we are going to take steps yet to back off DW damage. I think the jury is still out on whether we are going to see a lot or most DKs go the DW route. If DW DKs are only going for the fastest possible weapons in order to maximize procs per unit time, then that is something we might address.

I definitely wouldn't vendor your Colossal Skull-Clad Cleavers just yet. Source 

Anti-Magic Shield/Zone
We buffed AMS because we dropped the mitigation of Icebound Fortitude and Bone Shield by a pretty hefty margin.

I believe we did adjust the AMS glyph, but I'm not in front of my desk at the moment.

One idea that has been circulating is to have AMS and AMZ share a cooldown so that the DK can't just pop both in rapid succession. It's possible this might make AMZ pretty unattractive in PvE though, which is why we haven't pulled the trigger on that one yet. Source 

Summon Gargoyle
My suspicion is the Gargoyle is OP at the moment. It may only be in situations where the DK needs a lot of burst on demand, but it definitely seems more popular than we suspected it would be. Source 

Heart Strike
Heart Strike should be your go to ability in most cases. When you are at risk for breaking CC, you can use Blood Strike instead. But the intent is that Heart Strike will do more damage. It competes with Frost Strike and Scourge Strike in the other trees. Source 

Blood Spec
For PvE, we've seen some pretty decent numbers come out of Blood. I think players just need more time to try out all the build combinations. For PvP the big hits of Scourge Strike, the mitigation of Bone Shield and AMZ and the extra damage from the Gargoyle and ghoul probably make Unholy overshadow the other trees. This should be better next patch. Source 

 Hunter Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Explosive Shot countered by both anti-magic and anti-physical abilities
I agree it should make up its mind whether it is a physical or magical effect. We'll look into it. Source 

Exotic pets Source 
I have said most of this before, but perhaps some of you are just joining us. 

Exotic pets should be a choice. We do not want every BM or every hunter for that matter feeling like they have to get an exotic pet to be competitive. We spent a lot of effort to get say gorillas, crabs and spiders up to snuff so we didn't want hunters to actually enter LK with fewer pet choices. Even a 51 BM hunter should feel like a crab especially a crab should be a useful pet.
Exotic pets should be a choice, part ii. They should not be demonstrably below say cats and scorpids. That seems to be the case on live at the moment, so we adjusted it. Because of the somewhat convoluted way that pets scale, it's not always easy to predict what the average pet will look like on live -- it varies enormously depending on gear and buffs more on this below.
Our target is that the exotic pets are slightly better than normal pets. The key word is "slightly." If you forego an exotic pet for whatever reason, you should not feel like you are gimping your team or group. Note that part of the value of the exotics is their unusual abilities, some of which can fill in missing debuff holes if you are lacking certain classes in your group.
We offered the Spirit Beast as a challenge for hunters to try and tame. It would be a big mistake if we made this pet the best one in the game. For starters, it would no longer be rare. &#58;
We disagree that the 4 extra pet talent points are useless. You can call them useless if you only care about your pet's dps and can max that out without those talent points. Not all pet talents were intended to buff dps. More on this below too. At the end of the day, the BM 51 is just one talent point. It shouldn't grant you a 10% dps increase. We like for the 51 point talents to be attractive but not mandatory.
If you think that no hunter cares about the look of their pet, you are just wrong. Very optimized players might be willing to tame an untextured cube if it had the highest dps. However, a great many hunters I would argue probably even the majority rolled their class because they wanted to tame pets. Being able to tame exotic pets is very exciting for them. 

 Paladin Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Mortal Strike debuff on Paladins?
I can understand why paladins think they need utility besides just massive damage and the occasional stun.

That said, the Mortal debuff is in a tricky position. If we hand it out to too many more classes then it feels like we should just put everyone in a healing debuff aura when they step into Arenas, because it will just always be on. I think it's probably a good thing that Arms doesn't corner the market on the debuff anymore, but I'm also not sure we want to keep handing it around to every dps spec. Source 

 Warlock Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Warlocks in PvE
We're generally happy with locks for PvE too. I think the rotations are more interesting than they were in BC and it's nice to see Affliction up there with Destro. Demo is probably still too low, but see below.

As I've suggested before, there are a few things we are looking at on the PvE side of locks:

Get shards into a place that is more interesting and less of a hassle. We have two models we're considering. One is very cool, but a huge change to gameplay, which might mean it has to wait. The other is more of a quick fix that we'd do until we can implement the very cool model.
Simplify Affliction's rotation a little bit. This might involve making dots last a more uniform duration so you didn't feel that external mods were mandatory or just reducing the number of spells you're expected to cast.
Locks are still built a lot around damage over time, but a lot of fights just aren't lasting a long time. This might mean locks needs some more options for quick damage, or the problem might fix itself in Ulduar.
We're a lot happier with demons in LK, but we still have some work to do. The Voidwalker, Succubus and maybe the short-term demons aren't quite there yet. Improving demons should also help kick Demonology up a notch.
There are a couple of awkward places in the talent trees still.

Note that I am only talking PvE here. Some of these changes will help PvP too, but some of the lock problems in PvP will require different solutions too. Source 