Boubouille2008-11-26, 07:48 PMOfficial Armory Update - Achievements and new features
As you can read, the armory has been updated with tons of useful features, a lot of them related to achievements.
Achievements
Player achievements and statistics are now viewable on Armory character profiles. These new pages are designed to appear and function much like their corresponding interface in-game, with some additional features unique to the Armory.
To navigate between categories, simply click on the category or subcategory name on the left-side menu.
The ability to compare achievements and statistics between multiple characters is expanded to allow you to compare up to four characters, even across realms.
To compare multiple characters, simply click the tab labeled “Add Character to Compare” at the top right of the Achievements or Statistics interface. Enter the name and realm of the character you wish to compare to the one you are currently viewing. The second character’s portrait and achievements will appear next to the original one. You can add multiple characters in this manner, and can compare up to four characters at one time.

Wrath of the Lich King: Armory Design Changes
The Armory has undergone changes to its design, affecting its overall look and functionality. Here are some of the notable changes:
The main Armory page now has a new, more streamlined look. A news feed displays recent Armory news as well as region-first achievements. After logging in, the news feed also displays realm-first achievements on the main character’s realm.
Armory logins now persist for two weeks before expiring, and closing the Armory window no longer logs out of the Armory.
New drop-down menus under the main search field direct you to common search categories, such as for Arena rewards from a particular season, items from tradeskills such as gems and glyphs, and so on.

First, the armory homepage  has been redesigned and now include a news feed of realm first achievements. You can also login and select a character to display the realm first achievement information feed for your realm. 


 

Each realm also has a Realm First! Achievements dedicated page  You can click each achievements to get more details about them, including completion dates or raid composition for boss kills. Note: It seems that European first level 80 achievements are slightly bugged for the moments and are all attributed to russian players who got them on ... November 6th, one week before the official release. This is most likely a bug, or maybe russian players are just awesome.


 

The last part will probably make a few people cry, but anyone can now check all your achievements , including your statistics. People can actually know how much gold you had at some point, it's time to hide all your money on a level 1 alt!


 

And last but not least, you can also compare your achievements ,Bloodhoof&n=Boubouille,Addys with other players if you ever needed a confirmation that some people are better than you at this game. 


 ,Bloodhoof&n=Boubouille,Addys

Hopefully, some of us will be able to justify their lack of achievement points by the time they spend updating their website. This will be more than enough to save what was left of their credibility.