Boubouille2008-10-24, 01:20 PMUpdate - Added quest reward, also removed the part about the sub-zone see comment

WotLK World Event - New boss in Karazhan ?
This is NOT active on live servers for the moment. It looks like one of the upcoming phase of the WotLK world event will feature a new boss located in Karazhan: Prince Tenris Mirkblood. Tenris is part of <The San'layn>. The San'layn is a faction of darkfallen, renegade elves from Quel'Thalas under the rule of the Lich King. 

The quest
Chamber of Secrets
The Argent Dawn Emissary wants you to search the chamber of Tenris Mirkblood within the Servant's Quarters of Karazhan.

Description
Excellent, an experienced adventurer. Precisely what we need. There has been talk from the Kirin Tor guarding Medivh's tower that something is amiss with Karazhan. There is a new power lurking within, one that answers neither to the Guardian's magic nor the Legion. From what they've scouted, it appears it is an elven prince called Tenris Mirkblood, and there is reason to believe he serves the Scourge.

Go, my friend, investigate Mirkblood's chamber, and return with any information you might find.

Rewards
 

This quest is indeed in game and you can actually take a look at it by using the following command but you won't be able to link it in chat until it's active on servers : /script DEFAULT_CHAT_FRAME:AddMessage"Murlocs are awesome, this quest too: \124cffffff00\124Hquest:12616:70\124h [Chamber of Secrets]\124h\124r";

Prince Tenris Murkblood is also in game but you can't spawn him for the moment and won't be until it's "unlocked" in the event. According to the last datamining I did on beta servers this is how he looks : 


 

The quest seems to be given by an Argent Dawn Emissary near Karazhan. It doesn't look like this NPC is activated on live servers for the moment.


Europe - Cross-Language Battlegroups
To shorten the queues and provide greater access to warfare between factions, we are currently working on combining existing Battlegroups of different languages, with the aim of creating Battlegroups with higher populations. This change will affect both Battlegrounds and Arenas. Players from realms of different languages will only face each other as opponents in battle and will not be playing on the same faction in Battlegrounds, which will ensure that those playing on your side will speak the same language as you.

Please note that not all Battlegroups will be merged with another, and this feature will not be affecting the Russian-language Battlegroup. More details on this upcoming change will be provided as development nears completion. 

To clarify, people from another language realm will only be opponents. Opponents may also be from your realm or other realms with the same language as you. 


Europe - 24/10 New realms: Azuremyst and Terokkar
The basics
Realm names: Azuremyst and Terokkar
Language: English
Realm type: Normal PvE
Battlegroup: Ruin
Migration: No
Realm forums:
Azuremyst:  
Terokkar:  

In more words
Today we're opening two new English Normal/PvE realms, named Azuremyst and Terokkar, in the Ruin Battlegroup. These are fresh realms, thus no migration will be allowed to the realms during the first months.

The realms will open this afternoon/evening.

Please note that the starting areas may be quite flooded in the beginning, and the population cap is intentionally set a bit lower than normal to not have them even more flooded. The cap will be raised over the coming days as the population spreads out more.