Boubouille2009-02-04, 08:52 AMPatch 3.1 Classes Changes to be announced fairly soon
It looks like Blizzard plans to make some parts of the upcoming patch 3.1 very soon. It probably means that we'll see it on PTRs in February, very soon? Only time will tell. 
We are going to be announcing some of our plans for classes in 3.1 fairly soon. The announcements will be prominent. They will not be comprehensive. We are not going to announce every change we are going to make. We are going to risk giving you some insight into a work in progress, even though we may ultimately decide not to make some of the changes. You guys can help me remind other players of that when they get angry because we didn't deliver a change that they were "promised."


Blue posts
Melee DPS Boost
As far as melee dps goes, we think rogues, cats and Arms warriors are all a little low. We haven't announced specific changes yet but they are coming. Source 

SOTA - Faction Coin Toss
In its original implementation, Strand of the Ancients had an internal coin toss that determined which faction would start on defense. Issues arose during the initial testing whenever Alliance started on defense, so we took out the coin toss temporarily. We understand that starting on defense every match can have its disadvantages, and we intend to implement the coin toss in an upcoming patch. Source 

Low matchmaking rating
It is likely that is due to your opposing team also having a low matchmaking hidden rating and a higher team rating, perhaps after a team reset.

Imagine this, the players in both team A and B are 1200 rated players. The teams are then reset to 1500 team rating and both teams queue up against each other. The situation we then have is the following:

Team A: 1200 matchmaking rating and 1500 team rating.
Team B: 1200 matchmaking rating and 1500 team rating.

Lets say that you face this same team 50 times in a row with a 50% win rate. The end result of this is that both teams will end up with around 1200 team rating. Why? Because this is the same situation as described in the previous post happening to both teams at once.

In short, both teams are in reality 1200 rated teams due to matchmaking rating, and going 50/50 with an equally ranked team will ensure that both teams' team rating tries to match the respective matchmaking hidden ratings.

[...] The biggest difference from before is that the new system "remembers/knows" what level of skill/rating you belong in and will push your team rating towards this level while matching you up against equally rated teams - even in a 50/50 win/loss situation. Recalling from previous seasons, a complaint we saw from players was that high rated players were resetting their rating and stomping lower rated or new players in the lower brackets on their way back up. This system aims to alleviate that problem and should match players more correctly against other teams around the same skill/rating level. Source 

[US] PvP Free Character Moves - 02.03.09
We are now offering free character moves from select high population PvP realms. These moves are scheduled to end Tuesday, February 10, at 8:00 PM PST provided our transfer goals are not reached prior to this time. We recommend to anyone who wishes to use the free character move system to do so at your earliest convenience.

You can begin your free move by visiting the Character Move page located here:  

PvE free character moves coming soon.

Source Realms: Arthas, Black Dragonflight, Bleeding Hollow, Bonechewer, Boulderfist, Burning Blade, Burning Legion, Dark Iron, Deathwing, Destromath, Dragonmaw, Dunemaul, Firetree, Frostmane, Illidan, Kel'Thuzad, Laughing Skull, Lightning's Blade, Magtheridon, Mal'Ganis, Mannoroth, Sargeras, Scilla, Shattered Hand, Skullcrusher, Stormreaver, Tichondrius, WildHammer

Destination Realms: Anub'arak, Balnazzar, Darrowmere, Lethon, Ysondre, Zuluhed

 Death Knight Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Bug - Ebon Plague not stackable
This is the right solution. However, as I said the last time this question was asked, our priority right now is making sure more DKs spec Frost or Blood, not how to reward groups that bring multiple Unholy DKs. We do recognize it is annoying though and we'll get it fixed. Source 

 Hunter Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Cunning/Ferocious Pet Tree and PvE/PvP disparities
The Ferocious pets were intended predominantly for PvE use. We figured a pet with a stun would not be very popular in a raid encounter compared to a pet that just did more damage. It is possible in a 5-player dungeon that the stun might come in handy.

Since "Ravage" has traditionally been a stun, it made sense to put them in the Cunning tree.

We are willing to make changes to make the Cunning tree more viable for PvP and other situations. Frankly, most of the community feedback on hunters has been on their shot damage or on which pet provides the highest dps boost in a raid setting. More feedback on hunter pet families and their talent trees would be useful. Too often, though, this discussions wander off topic into the role of the pet or the hunter in general.

Ideally we'd like to see nearly every Ferocious pet and the occasional Cunning pet feel like they were valid choices for PvE and nearly every Cunning pet and the occasional Tenacity pet feel like they were valid choices in PvP. Our priority lately has been on the hunter trees themselves though. Source 

 Mage Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Status Report on Mages Source 
1 We like that Arcane is starting to feel like a viable alternative to FFB in PvE.
2 We think Arcane has too much burst potential in PvP. We want to fix it without undoing the progress we've made on #1, or sending all Arena mages to Frost.
3 We agree that the Scorch debuff is too much of a unique snowflake.
4 This is definitely a concern, but lower priority than these other issues.
5 Definitely a concern. We would love to get the "Shatter combo" vibe in PvE, but we haven't figured out a way to do it yet that doesn't involve buffing Cone of Cold, which would be bad for PvP reasons. 

 Priest Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Shadow PvP Changes
We have some PvP-oriented changes in mind for Shadow. We hope to be able to announce them soon. Source 

 Shaman Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Shamans survavibility in PvP
Apologies in advance for the brief answers.

On survivability, part of the problem is that some classes just do too much damage in PvP right now.

But we are looking at Enhancement and Elemental shamans in PvP for 3.1. We hope to be able to announce more details soon.

We don't want to inflate the bonuses for Mail, but it's possible health in general is low for Shamans. That has come up a couple of times. Source 


Official Site - New Wallpaper
A new wallpaper  has been added to the official site.


 