Boubouille2009-01-21, 01:32 AMThe website went down for a few hours today, this was caused by a burst of traffic combined with a few issues with the servers. The site might look funny things not updating as they should but hopefully everything will be back to normal in a few hours. 

Patch 3.0.8 Bugs
According to these posts, these bugs will be fixed within a few days and developers are working actively on a patch. This post might be updated as more bugs get reported.
Battle For Wintergrasp Update
We’re actively investigating Wintergrasp impacting realm stability and we’re working to resolve these issues. If needed, we may temporarily disable the Battle for Wintergrasp on all realms. If this should happen, players will still be able to venture into the zone, but will not be able to participate in the Battle itself. Source 

[US] Account-Wide Death Knight Creation
It was anticipated that with the release of the current patch, 3.0.8, players would be able to create a new death knight on any realm within their region. Unfortunately, due to unforeseen circumstances, we are not able to make this available as of yet. We do anticipate making this available in the near future and will do our best to keep everyone informed of when this becomes available.

Please keep in mind that when implemented restrictions will still apply to new, non-transfer realms such that death knights cannot be created on those realms until you level a character to level 55 on that realm or until transfer restrictions are removed.

[...] Please be aware that select players are currently able to create death knights on realms other than the one they currently have a level 55+ character on while others are still unable to do so at this time. We are currently working to address this issue and anticipate this to be corrected as of tonight’s rolling restarts. We will post additional updates after the completion of the restarts. Source 

Human Female Animation
There are some human female animation errors, specifically when using two-handed weapons or shooting with a ranged weapon. Source 

 Death Knight Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Howling Blast has a 5 sec cooldown. There is a tooltip error where it appears that the spell has no cooldown, but the game will still enforce one. We hope to hotix the UI soon. Source 
There is a known bug on Obliterate rank 5 and possibly Empower Rune Weapon, depending on when that change was made. We should be able to hotfix those soon. Source 

 Warlock Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
We had to make a change to the new warlock summoning mechanic at the last second to prevent an exploit. Our apologies to all the law-abiding warlocks who have to suffer with a painful cooldown on your summon in order to fix this problem. We plan on getting the Ritual working correctly as soon as possible. You won't have to put up with a 2 minute cooldown for more than a few days. Standard caveats apply that this could change for any number of reasons, but we wanted to keep you informed of our plans at this time. Source 
The Felhunter and a couple of other demons should have significantly gained health. If you Felhunter was at 8K yesterday he should be closer to 16K today. The exact number will depend on your gear and talents. We plan on hotfixing the warlock pet health. I don't want to throw around any more numbers because it's going to depend a lot on lock gear and talents. Unfortunately sometimes things work differently between our servers and live. It's a bug and we will get it fixed. 


Patch 3.0.8 Mirrors
We had tons of server issues yesterday and I didn't want to add this to the list of potential issues with the site, but patches are now available on direct download from our servers.

 WoW-3.0.3.9183-to-3.0.8.9464-enUS-patch.exe  Rapidshare 
 WoW-3.0.3.9183-to-3.0.8.9464-enGB-patch.exe  Rapidshare 
 WoW-3.0.3.9183-to-3.0.8.9464-deDE-patch.exe  Rapidshare 
 WoW-3.0.3.9183-to-3.0.8.9464-frFR-patch.exe  Rapidshare 
 WoW-3.0.3.9183-to-3.0.8.9464-esES-patch.exe  Rapidshare 
 WoW-3.0.3.9183-to-3.0.8.9464-ruRU-patch.exe  Rapidshare 