Boubouille2009-01-14, 10:39 AMPvP Balance - Ghostcrawler on Resilience
I don't think I have ever said "wait and see" though it gets quoted a lot, so maybe I did. I have always said that everyone pretty much agrees that resilience will make things better and the question is by how much. 

Resilience is our primary reward for PvP gear. It is what keeps PvP gear from being uber in PvP gear and also discourages players from using PvE gear to PvP more on this in a sec. Part of the Arena design is basically that if you win it gives you access to gear that lets you win more that is actually the PvE design too if you think about it. If we give away resilience too readily, then the Arena rewards don't feel as valuable.

We know a lot of players are wearing PvE gear right now in Arenas. That is happening for a couple of reasons:

First, they have that gear. We made the early raiding content very approachable, but we also gave players access to it long before the Arena season started. In early BC it felt like the PvP epic gear was far easier to get than the PvE epic gear, which sent a strange message to a lot of players from which not all have recovered. So in that respect it is nice to be able to say again that PvE is a valid path to epic gear. Unfortunately, we probably went too extreme in the other direction and now the "welfare epics" are from Naxx. I also want to add that badges and Archavon are great sources for PvP gear without you having to PvP, and Strand and Wintergrasp give a lot of honor if you want to PvP but don't want to Arena. There is also a lot of good starter PvP gear out there but it is blue and some players hate the thought of taking off their purple gear from a few seasons ago. But I digress.

Second, when nobody has resilience gear, it allows for a strategy where you can just burst players down in a couple of GCDs. Since the attacks never take much damage, resilience isn't highly valued. What will happen is that once some players start to get resilience, everyone will have to. Once the healer to use an example can't be destryoed in a couple of GCDs, the attackers are in a very weak position from the rest of the healer's team. It's an arms race in essence. Once one person putson their survival gear, everyone has to.

Now I do realize in the past this wasn't true of every spec, especially rogues, though we've tried to avoid that problem this time. I also realize that some players think they die too easily without resilience or will die too easily even with resilience. I'm not trying to wave away all of that feedback. The question was whether resilience was valuable or perhaps even too valued in PvP. 


Blue posts
Arena Point cap to be changed
We understand the problem and will likely bump the cap. Look for an announcement soon. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/14318875033-ghost-arena-point-cap-is-incredibly-flawed.html

Pet mechanics changes is on the list
Yes, I have tried to post several times that the way pets receive buffs from their masters is inconsistent. We need to take a holistic look at stats, especially those like hit, spell pen and haste. It doesn't make sense, for example, for a pet to receive a percentage of your spell hit. Where are they ever going to get the remainder of their hit from?

Many classes have pets now, and those classes have different stats to provide to those pets. While locks and hunters and DKs to a lesser extent are the most dependent on having a good system in place, the whole paradigm just needs to be reexamined. It is on the list. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/14318706014-simple-question-for-gc.html

Achievement: 40 Exalted Reputations
We are aware of the text being a little confusing on this, but right now it is setup to have x amount of exalted factions at the same time. We may change how this works at some point in the future but have no definite plans at this time. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/20/14318935365-40-exalteds.html

Achievement: Gotta Go! and Volazj's Quick Demise in a future patch
Gotta Go = 4 minutes; Volazj's Quick Demise = no change Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/20/14133218053-gotta-go--volazjs-quick-demise-fixes-due.html

Engineering - Scrapbot in Patch 3.0.8
The Scrapbot will indeed gain the ability to repair in a future patch. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/15/6915051835-engineering-sucks.html

Using 5 marks instead of 4 for Concerted Efforts repeatable quest AV + AB + EOTS + WSG + SOTA
We plan to do this in a future patch. 

DPS comparison between classes
The context is everything. If players are comparing themselves to a dual-wielding DK doing 7000 dps, yes then of course they are going to feel like their dps is puny. But in that example they are comparing themselves to a class in a broken situation. If we notice that players with low or high numbers always have a certain spec then it might lead us to find a bug in the spec. Assassination rogues are a little low at the moment because there was a bug in Master Poisoner for a long time that nobody detected. When we fixed it, their dps dropped. Some fights greatly favor certain classes or specs. Patch is great for classes that can blow their cooldowns to great effect. Warriors like fights like Thaddius with lots of free rage generation through damage. The context is everything.

We like numbers and it awesome that the WoW community is so good at providing them. Just don't leap to conclusions that the numbers can't support. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/14318865522-the-forum-mindset--our-biggest-problem.html

New spells VS. old ones
I think there is some truth to that. We also just get better at designing abilities. The newer spells often not always have a more specific purpose, are less clunky or just more fun. This goes for some of the talents too. Warriors compare stances to presences unfavorably and I think there is some truth to that too. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/14318865522-the-forum-mindset--our-biggest-problem.html

Player feedback and developers on forums
We generally use "developer" to mean someone who works on the game itself, as opposed to people in other departments of Blizzard who support production of the game. Blizzard is a place where feedback is very important though, so people throughout the company still tend to have a pretty big impact on game design.

I am a game designer, and specifically I am the lead systems designer for WoW. Game designers are not artists or programmers, but we use the tools developed by the programmers and the assets created by the artists to get content into the game. Programmers make the game run, artists make it beautiful, but it is the designer's job to make it fun. Though again, Blizzard collaborates more than many studios do and I spend a lot of time talking to programmers or artists about class, mechanics or even achievement design. I think a lot of players mistake me for a CM because I tend to post a lot more than most WoW designers. Mostly, I just don't sleep so it lets me play WoW, work on it during the day and still have time to post. Game balance is one of the most controversial aspects of any multiplayer game, and I benefit from being able to engage the community directly. Systems design specifically is everything that is not level, story, quest or encounter design. My team handles everything from classes to mechanics to items to trade skills to achievements to UI design, and that includes the game balance.

I do want to stress that we are a team. We come to a consensus on every major change to the game. I put enormous faith in the team to make the right call and keep any of us individually from doing something stupid. Blizzard is in a position to be able to attract and retain the best talent available in this industry. Many of them are much better game designers than I will ever be. Mostly I try and stay out of their way. A great many of them read the forums. Everything you type is seen by silent blues. I see people reading the forums when I drop by their office. We talk about what they have read all the time. These guys care passionately about doing the right thing and making the game as good as they can. Your opinion is extremely important to them. Just keep that in mind every time you post. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/27/14134474969-gc-please-stop-posting-here.html

[US] PvP Servers free character moves
PvP character moves ended 24 hours ago. We're reviewing populations to determine the best way to move forward, as we only opened up transfers from the most impacted realms, and players on several more realms would like the option of moving characters as well. A lot of people haven't had the option yet of moving a character off of a high population realm like you have.

The transfers didn't end because "the problem isn't as bad" either. They ended because the destination realms filled up. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/1/14318875917-gg-blizz.html

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/24x24/deathknight.jpg Death Knight Skills List http://www.mmo-champion.com/index.php?page=650 / Talent + Glyph Calc. http://talent.mmo-champion.com/?deathknight
Frost Presence threat hotfixed
We are looking into this issue and found one bug that we are hotfixing. I will attempt to explain:

Most auras go away when you die, but some don't. Frost Presence and Defensive Stance have some effects that go away and some that do not this is the bug. It ends up that a DK who dies loses some of the threat bonus from Frost Presence, but doesn't get it back when he comes back to life because the game thinks Frost Presence is still active and doesn't attempt to reapply the buff. If you change presence from Frost to something else and back, then all the buffs get reapplied correctly, but most tanks probably aren't doing that.

So it's entirely possible that if you die and come back without changing presences that you have just gimped your threat generation. You aren't losing all your bonus threat generation. You are basically losing the amount that we gave all tanks to compensate for pulling Blessing of Salvation out of the game.

If all of that confuses you, the take home message is we fixed a bug where your threat would be low after dying. Again, by the time you read this, the bug should have been hotfixed.

It is likely this bug was also affecting warriors in Defensive Stance and the hotfix will catch that too. It was not affecting paladins or druids because their spells work differently.

We don't know if this is the entire issue with DK and possibly warrior threat being low, but it should help, especially if you ever die while raiding. Some of the guilds who are seeing this problem have very high dps, which implies they have experienced the content a lot and might not be dying that much. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/26/14287008802-dk-threat--not-going-away.html

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/24x24/druid.jpg Druid Skills List http://www.mmo-champion.com/index.php?page=700 / Talent + Glyph Calc. http://talent.mmo-champion.com/?druid
Improved Faerie Fire
I went ahead and looked at this in game, and I am happy to report that I was wrong. Any Faerie Fire should allow you to get the 3% crit, even if you didn't cast it.

So the tooltip should probably read: Your Faerie Fire and Feral Faerie Fire spells also increase the chance the target will be hit by spell attacks by 3%, and increase the critical strike chance of your damage spells by 3% on targets afflicted by [anyone's] Faerie Fire or Feral Faerie Fire.

I don't always have the game right in front of me when I am reading forums most often I am on a painfully topical beach sipping mai tais so I try not to guess unless I am pretty sure about something. I was pretty sure about this, but I was wrong. It happens. There are like 15,000 spells in the game. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/14133419591-yes-or-no-gc.html

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/24x24/hunter.jpg Hunter Skills List http://www.mmo-champion.com/index.php?page=620 / Talent + Glyph Calc. http://talent.mmo-champion.com/?hunter
Player theorycrafting vs. Developers numbers
Players generally do a great job generating numbers with what they have. They don't always have the most up to date numbers, and we don't make a herculean effort to get numbers to them. PTRs are our best shot, but even they can lag behind our most current builds.

As a most recent example, Elemental shamans were perplexed by why their numbers were different from ours and there was some amount of shouting that we didn't know what we were talking about and why couldn't we just accept the community's numbers and balance around those? It turned out that the shamans had misunderstood the way a talent worked almost certainly because of unclear statements on my part and that when they were able to test on the PTR, their numbers were close to what we predicted. Happy ending.

I don't know know why the EJ hunter numbers you cited don't match ours. It would take a great deal of time for us to dig through all the numbers that we are presented with to understand where the disagreements occur. In this case I suspect it is because Explosive Shot does less damage now than it does on the PTR, but I don't know. Survival is a miniscule percentage of total hunters out there, so we really won't mind them getting a significant bump, but it isn't our intent that they are far and away the highest dps hunter spec BM shouldn't be either.

We do our tests under a variety of conditions, and fully raid buffed is certainly one of them.

The Ulduar comment I made has been widely mininterpreted, but I made it because so many players were using the argument "We may be okay now, but we won't scale." While some players understand "scaling" perfectly well, it also gets thrown around a lot by less-informed players as the generic reason for why something fails "RNG" occupies that niche on the PvP side of things sometimes. In the hunter case, it may be that they do scale just fine but it is irrelevant because we are rebalancing hunters for 3.1.

GC while im excited that your changing us for 3.1 that is months away. Will you be inclinded to hotfix us if you see Live dmg output is extremely low?
Yes. We are even trying to build in more hooks when we do things like this so we can do changes if needed. 

Also GC consider that there is a reason why Survival is not played by most hunters. The mechanics for the tree feel too clunky and with the addition of 30 sec CD to LnL that isn't represented on the UI, the tree has become extremely Clunky. 
Fair enough. Just buffing dps isn’t always enough to change something from not fun to fun. There are however some hunters even in this thread who want to play Survival and just can’t justify it at the moment. 

Cunning pets overall just are a waste of code at this point. Roar of Recovery is useful, but at a 6min cooldown makes it a drop in the bucket.
While 400 dps is low, you are making the assumption that anything that isn’t a raiding pet is a waste of code. Those pets weren’t intended to be for raiding – that’s what Ferocity pets are for. Thanks for all of the numbers though, Neruse. 

Sorry we're a bit panicky ... we're all thinking of Ret Pally's back in Beta and how you didn't listen then when folks said they were OP and umm ... they were?
Sure, but the Ret pallies said they weren’t and were really upset with the magnitude of the nerfs which turned out, I think, to be on target or even a little light. I understand what you’re trying to say, but players can be very selective about when we’re supposed to listen to them or not.

On LnL, we’re still messing with the specifics on it. It’s too early to comment until we have something we’re happy with. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/14318915694-hunter-damage-between-specs-still-seems-off.html

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/24x24/rogue.jpg Rogue Skills List http://www.mmo-champion.com/index.php?page=630 / Talent + Glyph Calc. http://talent.mmo-champion.com/?rogue
Rogue DPS getting better in Patch 3.0.8
Patchwerk isn't necessarily the perfect test case for dps. It is a simple fight, but these days it is also getting very short and some classes thrive on short fights where they can maximize specific abilities or cooldowns. The rogues don't have to move, but neither do the hunters or Frostfire mages. The warriors aren't getting a ton of extra rage from collateral damage.

But I tend to agree that rogues are too low. They should look better in 3.0.8 when some of the 6000+ dps outliers are brought down some.

I think in retrospect rogues talking Assassination really were the victims of a couple of tricky bugs. We all freaked out at the damage they were doing near the end of beta and lowered their damage only to find later that a few poison bugs were causing some of the excessive damage.

The primary reason we haven't fixed it yet is because rogues seem to be doing very well in PvP and careless dps buffs for noble PvE purposes could just make that situation worse. I do apologize for the situation rogues are in currently and we hope it will look better after 3.0.8.

P.S. I know some players don't give a fig about PvP and are offended that we have to worry about PvP balance when solving PvE problems. WoW is enjoyed by a lot of different players for different reasons and we try to keep them all in mind. Source http://

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/24x24/warrior.jpg Warrior Skills List http://www.mmo-champion.com/index.php?page=600 / Talent + Glyph Calc. http://talent.mmo-champion.com/?warrior
Defensive Stance threat hotfix
This thead has gone pretty far afield, but I did want to mention that we hotfixed a bug where warrior threat in Def Stance would sometimes be lower following a death. Basically, the threat modifier was not being reapplied properly until you changed stances.

We don't imagine this was a huge issue in threat generation but there were certainly cases where it cropped up. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/26/14287349581-why-nothing-blue-regarding-prot-wars.html


New World of Warcraft Wallpaper
A new wallpaper has been added to the official website http://www.worldofwarcraft.com/downloads/wallpapers/wallpaper125.html


http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/news/2009/january/ashbringer3wall.jpg http://www.worldofwarcraft.com/downloads/wallpapers/wallpaper125.html