Boubouille2009-02-17, 08:25 PMUpdate - Added today's blue posts at the bottom of the news! 

Ulduar PTR Testing Information
This is starting to look good ... PTR Tonight? 
Earlier tonight an Official preview of Ulduar http://www.mmo-champion.com/index.php?topic=39711.0 was published.
Also today, Blizzard announced plans for its 4th Blizzcon to be held on August 21 and 22 in Anaheim http://www.mmo-champion.com/index.php?topic=39705.0.
You can also check the existing Patch 3.1 information compilation http://www.mmo-champion.com/index.php?topic=38462.0

Ok, we're getting close to the point where we will need testing of Ulduar boss encounters on PTR, so let's talk about Ulduar testing!

We're going to be performing testing differently than in the past. We're looking for much more targeted feedback, and we don't want to just have the zone freely open and allow extended, unsupervised testing to take place. So, when the PTR servers come up with 3.1.0, by default Ulduar will be turned completely off. We'll instead enable Ulduar and specific bosses during times where the encounter team can observe testing.

Shortly after 3.1.0 PTR is up and running, I'll post a schedule that will indicate when we will open specific bosses to testing. We'll have testing opportunities for both EU and NA region PTRs in their respective prime time playing hours. There might also be a boss or two we do leave up for extended testing, and some bosses will only be tested in either the EU or NA. Some encounters won't be up on the PTR at all! There's 14 boss encounters in Ulduar, there will be lots to test. The schedule will be quite flexible, check in the Dungeons & Raids forum and on the PTR forum for updates.

The first set of boss encounters to get testing will include:
Freya
Thorim
Hodir
The Iron Council

Both 10 player and 25 player versions of the encounters will be open to testing, and we expect players to have nearly full Naxxramas gear. While Jillian McWeaksauce might make appearances on the PTR to provide testing consumables, please try to bring your own.

I hope to see raid groups of many different skill levels on the 3.1.0 PTR servers when they become available! 

Additional info on first boss
The first boss has you enter 1 of 3 different vehicles Chopper, Demolisher, and Siege Engine to fight your way through an immense Iron army to the Flame Leviathan and defeat him. After that, there's very little use of vehicles by players. We'll have the fight up on the PTR at a later date, but this fight isn't in the first wave of boss encounters to be tested. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/12/15211802094-ulduar-info-is-up.html

Actually, the effectiveness of the vehicles in the Flame Leviathan fight changes depending on the quality of the gear. So someone in full Naxxramas epics or Ulduar epics! will have an easier time than someone in greens. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/12/15198911238-concerning-ulduar-and-the-future-of-raiding.html

Ulduar PTR Testing
We'll be monitoring the EU PTRs and the EU forums for feedback quite a bit, actually. For us as encounter designers, EU testing is awesome because we can watch testing in your evenings during our normal business hours. There will also be some EU only bosses for PTR testing, along with some NA only bosses. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/12/8041846834-ulduar-ptr-testing-information.html


Blue posts
Patch 3.1 ETA
We're working to get 3.1 up soon. It won't have all of the class changes in it initially though. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/14990478868-hunter-nerfs-agreed-upon-by-top-hunters.html

Dual Specialization
Dual spec is a big, new feature for us. It will probably change the game in ways nobody ourselves included can predict. As such, we want to be careful. However we also want to be able to generate a lot of feedback on it. That is one reason we announced the feature with as much detail as we could. You can also expect to see it on the PTR for a reasonable amount of time.

We might very well change our minds on the max level and / or Inscription part of the feature. Your feedback on all of that has been appreciated. And folks on EU and other forums, don't feel like your voice is not heard just because I tend to post on the USA forums.

I didn't mean to suggest that we won't ever make early announcements again because some mean players hurt our feelings. I'm old and crusty and my feelings are almost impossible for you guys to hurt. But the things we say do get quoted a lot, and often out of context; the blue lines get reproduced, but not usually the questions or posts that led to our responses. Kotaku picked up the announcement of un-nerfing BM hunters on what must have been a very slow news day. 

We certainly understand that forum posters are by far the minority of players and often those with a bone to pick. As always, we appreciate the constructive feedback and extend our gratitude to players who can offer comment without freaking out. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/27/14990657573-dual-spec-disappointment-healing.html

Ulduar Tanking - Bring the Player, not the class
We're not going to promise that every tank has equal difficulty with every fight in the game, particularly those that are designed to be extra challenging. We'll get as close as we can, but at some point unless we give the exact same abilities to every class, some abilities or emphasized stats are just going to work better in some cases than others.

On the other hand, we will avoid very gimmicky fights where you are "supposed to" swap out to a particular class to tank. You won't see a boss in Ulduar that wipes the raid unless Infected Wounds and only Infected Wounds is kept up on him. Even Razuvious 25 is probably closer than we want to get in the future.

It doesn't help matters that there is only one super challenging encounter in the game now, so "the best tank" tends to get judged by that alone. It would feel different if there were 3 hard fights and different tanks were superior for each of them. I said "superior" not "impossible without".

It's awesome that so many players have adopted the "bring the player, not the class" mantra. I think we managed to get that message across. Do remember however that its original context was that after you have the major buffs and debuffs covered that you will have room to bring who you want and generally a lot more flexibility on which classes you need to bring. It doesn't mean that you can put together any kind of contrived raid comp and then point the finger at us when your 12 prot warrior group wipes in Ulduar. But that also doesn't mean we are reneging on our promise that you can MT with any of four classes. Just remember things are going to feel the least equitable on the hardest fights. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/26/15199329893-bring-player-not-class-how-can-we.html

Talent design and popularity
I don't think Blizzard would agree with that. If nobody ever takes the talent, then yes, there is probably something wrong with it. But I don't know that we would ever want to see say an Arms warrior build that didn't take Mortal Strike. We don't want to make attractive alternatives to Mortal Strike. We pretty much want you to take Mortal Strike. The same is true of Titan's Grip for Fury and Toughness for Protection.

You can come up with examples for classes too. Omen of Clarity is near mandatory for all druids. Ruin is something every PvE warlock wants.

I can understand how logically someone would approach the task of talent design with the goal of making every talent choice optional and equal. But talent tree design turns out to be more complicated than that one simple rule. To consider just a few factors:

The cost of a talent often has as much to do with its prereqs or talents in above tiers than in the talent cost itself.
The value of a talent has a lot to do with the other talents you choose.
We spend a lot of time playing games about what a spec gives up in order to get a particular talent.
Bigger numbers damage or healing tend to trump utility abilities for PvE and the opposite is true for PvP.
The exact same talent may be just fine for one class but overpowered for another.
Above all, ask yourself what else you would spend those points on. We don't want to see just a ton of 0 / 0 / 71 specs. We haven't really given Holy or Shadow much reason to sub-spec into each other. Maybe sub-specing into Disc isn't so bad if there is something really juicy there for you. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/27/14990442254-blizzard-its-time-baseline-meditation.html

Healing Design - Goals and Mana Regeneration
1 I was trying to argue perhaps too politely that the notion that healing was fun when smart people could take healing breaks to allow for out of five-second-rule regen was a little bit of rosy nostalgia. The way expert raiders handled that was by healer rotations or stopcasting macros, and I don't seriously think a lot of people long for the return of those. No doubt some do. Sunwell and similar content were tuned to where you couldn't realistically stop casting for regen anyway. If you are stopping now, it's because Naxxramas is easy. On challenging content, all 4 classes already spammed heals pretty consistently. That meant the out of FSR breaks came mostly from clearcasting procs or encounter mechanics that forced you to pause. When that happened, mana felt limitless. As I've said, we would rather shift back a little A LITTLE from GCD-constrained healing to mana-constrained healing.

2 It sounds like some of you are saying that even on challenging content without replenishment and without leaving the FSR your mana is infinite. I am a slightly skeptical of such claims, but we'll see what happens in Ulduar. We think you will run out of mana sometimes, particular on very hard fights or if you aren't playing at your best, even with replenishment. Similarly, we feel like the paladins are noticing the Divine Plea change in PvE. If you aren't, then perhaps you are an amazing healer, or perhaps Naxx isn't challenging you much. Now, if it turns out regen is still just too good, then replenishment would definitely be our next target. But we don't think we're far off. This isn't a "to the ground" scenario.

3 This change won't change the relative values of Int and Spirit. Int was already a good regen stat in part because it provides other bonuses. However, you are rarely ever choosing between a +100 Int chest and a +100 Spirit chest though you might be with gems. More to the point though, the regen formula is SQRT of Int * Spirit * a constant. We are just lowering the constant. If Spirit was good for you before, it will still be good for you. If the only reason it was good for you before was because you took a lot of out of FSR breaks, well 1 again I am skeptical, and 2 yes, under that specific situation you will notice a nerf to your regen.

Overall, our goal is not to make healing more difficult across the board though we do want mana to matter more. Our goal is to make healing more interesting. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/27/14990765234-i-dont-get-the-regen-nerfs.html

And nobody's stood around taking healing rotation breaks since early MC, and no one here is arguing for a return to that.
I agree with that first part, Odes, but I think some people are arguing that the rotation breaks are what OOFSR healing was all about. We aren’t really pushing for a return to that. 

Healing rotations and "spammy" gameplay
We don’t want that either. Most of my posts have been trying to say “We don’t want the healing game to be a spammy one.” Again, some players are arguing they do want that, which is their prerogative. However, we are also backing off of the thing that prevents the spams to be the FSR game. I think a better solution is interesting spells. Swiftmend is a really interesting spell. So are Lifebloom, Penance and Beacon of Light. Prayer of Mending is a very effective spell, but I don’t think it’s a particularly fun one to cast. I do think Holy priests could use some work in the fun department, which has been a pretty consistent thread for the last several weeks on these forums, and something we are working on.

I also think some paladins do like the way paladin healing plays out. I’m not saying we want to adopt that model in every case, but we shouldn’t dismiss it either. Similarly, I am not dismissing players who thought the FSR rule was fun, and in fact we aren’t removing it, just reducing its impact. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/27/14990765234-i-dont-get-the-regen-nerfs.html

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/24x24/deathknight.jpg Death Knight Skills List http://www.mmo-champion.com/index.php?page=650 / Talent + Glyph Calc. http://talent.mmo-champion.com/?deathknight
Death Knight 3.1 Changes
The DK talent trees are changing quite a bit. We only listed a few of the changes. More equality among the three trees in PvP and PvE are high on the list. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/15211001738-dk-talents-in-31.html

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/24x24/druid.jpg Druid Skills List http://www.mmo-champion.com/index.php?page=700 / Talent + Glyph Calc. http://talent.mmo-champion.com/?druid
Mana Regeneration changes in 3.1 and effects on Innervate
I don't think it will suddenly make druids regem from Spirit to Int. We'll see.

If you mean these changes will nerf Innervate, yes, it will. On live Innervate can be 120% of your bar, say 25,000 mana. Historically it was more like 75% of your bar, and it should be closer to that with these changes. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/27/14990765234-i-dont-get-the-regen-nerfs.html

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/24x24/hunter.jpg Hunter Skills List http://www.mmo-champion.com/index.php?page=620 / Talent + Glyph Calc. http://talent.mmo-champion.com/?hunter
Hunters in PvP
Aside from the random stun of TNT and a couple of the bugs mentioned, we don't think hunters are grossly imbalanced in PvP at the moment. Explosive Shot might be a bit too high, but we aren't nerfing it for the moment. We'll see how things feel once some of the changes to other classes are in place. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/14990478868-hunter-nerfs-agreed-upon-by-top-hunters.html

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/24x24/shaman.jpg Shaman Skills List http://www.mmo-champion.com/index.php?page=660 / Talent + Glyph Calc. http://talent.mmo-champion.com/?shaman
Totem Stomping Macros
We don't like totem stomping macros. Destroying a totem should be a choice and require at least a modicum of player attention. That is one of the main differences between totems and other types of spells and we don't want everyone to just opt out of that difference.

Preventing them isn't always easy to do, but we do try and stay on top of it. We did stop it for a short time, but players found a way around it. And, no, just naming the totems after the player won't solve the problem or we would have done it long ago. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/27/15207811625-blue--totem-stomping-macros.html

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/24x24/warrior.jpg Warrior Skills List http://www.mmo-champion.com/index.php?page=600 / Talent + Glyph Calc. http://talent.mmo-champion.com/?warrior
Patch 3.1 Stances changes
We made those announcements to get a little bit of discussion going and give players some insight into the kind of changes we are looking into for the next patch. It's not a comprehensive list of patch notes and isn't even likely to match what you see on the PTR when it first goes up. It is something new we wanted to try.

I am not sure we will end up changing the way rage works with stance changes at this stage because I'm not sure we can solve the problems it causes without creating new ones. I could see a system where you always keep a minimum of rage and never lose more than a maximum of rage, but at that point the feature may be so convoluted that you have to ask why have rage change at all?

But I do want to thank those of you who engaged in the discussion exploring the pros and cons without just freaking out. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/14990658904-warrior-31-stances-a-crippling-oversight-2.html

100 rage -> 50 rage; 90 rage -> 45 rage; 80 rage -> 40 rage; 70 rage -> 35 rage; 60 rage -> 30 rage; 50 rage -> 25 rage; 40 rage -> 20 rage will always keep 20 rage upon changing stances if >= 20
I understand that may get you what you want out of stance dancing, but it’s just not the kind of change we would be likely to do. Even if the tooltip was as simple as “divides your rage in half up to a minimum of 20,” that still requires a lot more quick calculation than just knowing “If I change stances, I will be at 10 rage.” We could probably make it work, but frankly, we’d rather just leave it as it is. We still want the foundation of the class to be changing stances to use specific abilities, but at the cost of most of your rage. I do think we can make stances more interesting though, and I've said that is something we are working on. 

Heroic Leap removal
Quick positional movement of any kind is not a strength of most client – server based games. I will point out that it is typically the Charge glyph that causes most of the complaining because it adds just a little bit more distance. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/14990658904-warrior-31-stances-a-crippling-oversight-2.html

Change heroic leap I miss you! to work like kitty leap ie. TARGETED, HOW FRIGGING HARD WOULD IT HAVE BEEN! 
It would have been easy. We predicted that the response from the warrior community would be “Oh great, I get yet another charge with different art. Thanks Blizzard.” Kitty leap is valuable to druids because they had no other fast movement short of changing forms. Warriors already have 3 abilities to do that in different circumstances. Heroic Leap was interesting because it didn't require a target. Unfortunately, it also caused jumping through the world, cheating through walls, or getting stuck, none of which were worth whatever cool factor the talent would have brought. We might have the technology to do it in the future though. Pulling Heroic Leap doesn't mean we hate warriors or don't know what we want to do with them. It was just overly ambitious for the time. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/14990658904-warrior-31-stances-a-crippling-oversight-2.html