Boubouille2009-02-12, 11:55 AMWe made a few changes recently to fix the most annoying bugs and try to make the site more stable on patch days. If you noticed anything strange lately please report it in the Suggestions and Feedback  forum. Note: The bugs with the Latest News frame on Chrome and the strange behavior of forum links with Internet Explorers are being worked on.


Blue posts
Developing new content
A lot the of 1.X content was already partially developed by the time the original game shipped. When a patch was released in that era, development on the next patch was already under way. This isn't to say we're making it up as we go now. We have clear outlines and development schedules. Ever since the release of The Burning Crusade though, the next patch to come out is more or less developed from scratch. The actual internal development pace has changed very little over time. If anything, content is developed more quickly now than it was when the game began. 

No offense intended, but that argument doesn' t make much sense at all. Either you completed the content or not... Unless you're saying you had a lot of partially created content that was abandoned that you went back to.
Art assets take quite a bit of time. If dungeon and model art for something like Dire Maul is mostly completed long before the patch is slated to go live, it's going to take a lot less time to prepare that dungeon. Ulduar's been virtually built from the ground up since the release of Wrath of the Lich King. A lot of new art is being fed into this dungeon. 

Zarhym, doesn’t that somewhat contradict statements made by developers Jeff Kaplan I believe it was where it was said that they’re always “working two patches in advance”? Your statement seems to imply that only one patch is worked on at a time. Does working two patches in advance mean that they’re actually working on one while someone has a “cool idea” on paper for the other patch or does working on two patches at once mean that there’s actually designing and coding going on for two at the one time? 
That's why I said we're not making it up as we go, and have pretty clear outlines far in advance. For instance, a lot of art and programming for Ulduar has been in progress since before Wrath was released, and is very much still in progress now. At the same time though, every day there is a more clear picture of what 3.2 and beyond will bring. We're always looking and developing in advance, but a lot more of the basic structures and art assets for many of the 1.X content patches were already fairly far into development by the time the preceding patch was released. Source 

[US] Free Character Moves - 02/11/09
We are now offering free character moves from select high population PvE realms. These moves are scheduled to end Wednesday, February 18, at 12:00 PM PST Thursday, February 19, at 7:00 PM AEDT provided our transfer goals are not reached prior to this time. We recommend to anyone who wishes to use the free character move system to do so at your earliest convenience.

You can begin your free move by visiting the Character Move page located here:  

Source A Realms: Aerie Peak – Alliance Only, Aggramar, Alleria, Anvilmar – Alliance Only, Blackhand, Blade's Edge, Bloodhoof, Cenarius, Drenden, Durotan, Duskwood, Eldre'Thalas, Elune – Alliance Only, Hellscream, Icecrown, Kargath, Lothar, Stormrage – Alliance Only, Thrall, Zul'jin
Destination A Realm: *NEW REALM* Nesingwary PvE - Emberstorm Battlegroup, Central timezone Realm Forum 

Source B Realms: Argent Dawn, Earthen Ring
Destination B Realm: Wyrmrest Accord RP

Source C Realms: Emerald Dream
Destination C Realms: Wyrmrest Accord RPPvE, Ysondre PvP

[EU] Four Year Anniversary Celebration!
Four years ago today, World of Warcraft was released in Europe. To celebrate all we have accomplished together over the past four years, we invite you to participate in one of our Four Year Anniversary Contests:  

This year, we have teamed up with Dell and SwagDog to offer some cool prizes in our Four Year Anniversary Contests. Join in our first ever World of Warcraft T-Shirt Design Contest , where the grand prize winner's design will be printed on t-shirts and sold in our Blizzard Store, or the Four Years of World of Warcraft Fan Art Contest and you could win an XPS 1730 laptop from Dell, $65 USD worth of free shipping on items of your choice from SwagDog, a murloc plushy, six months of World of Warcraft game time, and a Gurky, the baby murloc key! 

Also, for our lore buffs out there, we have a Lore Contest where, by showing off your knowledge of World of Warcraft, you can win an XPS 1730 laptop from Dell, a murloc plushy, six months of World of Warcraft game time, and a Gurky, the baby murloc key! Check out the Terms and Conditions to enter:  

Achievements
Bouquet of Red Roses not dropping anymore
The Bouquet of Red Roses no longer drops in the game; the Bouquet of Ebon Roses will also count for the achievement. The reason why the red roses are on the achievement is to allow those who have gotten a dungeon drop bouquet in past years to get said achievement. Source 

Bouquet of Ebon Roses only drops in WotLK instances
I'm quite aware that not everyone is maximum level, and the majority of all holidays can be done below maximum level. However, that doesn't necessarily mean that all holiday content will be achievable by those who are not level capped, and we'll continue to develop some content that is accessible by higher level characters only. Source 

Chance-based achievements in meta-achievements
It depends on the achievements; some we've removed from the meta, others have had their drop rates adjusted to be more reasonable, and still others are fine as they are. Understand that that statement does not mean that all achievements based on chance are being removed from the meta, because that is not so. The achievement I referenced specifically required you to get 20 different masks from something on a one-hour cooldown, resulting in a probability much lower than, say, Have Keg, Will Travel.

We've no intention of removing chance entirely from the meta achievements, but the ones that still apply have reasonable acquisition rates. Source 

Love Tokens - Stormwind Harbor Bugged
Don't do this in the Stormwind Harbor, as there's currently an issue with it that we're looking into. Aside from that, make certain your bags aren't full. More info on Source 

Peddlefeet not part of the meta-achievement Warcraftpets 
If you're going for the Fool for Love meta achievement and not the pet for the sake of the pet itself, Perma-Peddle is not a part of the meta achievement any longer.

Achievements are character specific currently, not account specific, and the holidays are not designed around achievements in any case. The lack of soulbinding on the Gifts of Adoration was an oversight. Source 

"The Ice Stone Melting" server message
From what I can gather, this is an unintended message that keeps popping up on servers. The Ice Stone is supposed to be for the Midsummer Fire Festival. Source 

The fix requires realm restarts, which we'll be doing off-peak so we don't interrupt this evening's gameplay. I apologize for all the melting in the meanwhile. Source 

2 Years needed to get a Violet Proto-Drake  because of "Brew of the Year " 
We're still comfortable with the length of time it takes to achieve the Violet Proto-Drake with Brew of the Year included -- and, yes, we're taking into account Death Knights, new characters, and people who missed last Brewfest or did not join the club. You'll be able to complete the meta achievement in time if you choose to concentrate on those achievements.

There is a perception out there that the Violet Proto-Drake is the drake for "casual" players, but that isn't strictly true, in all honesty and can devolve into a debate on what the definition of casual happens to be, which is subjective and not something I wish to get into. It's the reward for participating in a great deal of the holiday content, and Brew of the Year factors into that content as it is achievable through participating a single instance of the Brewfest holiday and following through for one year. This is in contrast to Veteran Nanny, which required you to participate in Children's Week thrice, and achievements like A Mask For All Occasions, where the probability involved was too low to be reasonably included in the meta achievement. The Brew of the Month club is easily acquired during Brewfest, there's no game of chance involved, and it doesn't require revisiting the holiday provided you check your mail every month.

Some achievements require skill, and some require time and a bit of dedication. This is one of the latter, and we've no plans currently to change it. 

 Death Knight Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Diseaseless talent builds
We're okay with ignoring diseases on very easy targets but you should never feel like you can build a valid spec or rotation around ignoring Icy Touch or Plague Strike. Some of the 3.1 changes should support this a bit more. Source 