Boubouille2009-02-02, 08:32 AMBlue posts
Talents and group buffs
We are looking at all of the talents that provide group buffs, particularly those that require many talent points and represent a trade-off of utility for dps. Source 

Recount, Damage Meters ...
"Hot" is not the weather. That might be all that a particular day brings, but it also might be windy or cloudy. That is weather. The thermometer only tells you temperature. If you watch the thermometer enough and correlate its behavior with other things you experience then you might notice, for example, that the temperature tends to drop before a storm. But its predictive value is still limited. It won’t tell you what the weather will do in 6 hours or a week. Satellite imagery is a very powerful tool for predicting the weather. A thermometer is not though it is far from useless.

I chose that particular analogy carefully. I did not say recount was useless as a tool – far from it. My suggestion was that it measures one particular thing and it measures it very well. But that one particular thing is not the sum total of “was this guy a good player or not?” Healing in particular has a lot less to do with total amout healed and a lot more to do with who you healed and when. I love all the healers whose most healed target is... them!. You can heal a lot but ignore decursing. Or heal a lot, but only because you were propped up by mana pots and every Innervate in the raid. Players can top the damage meters but wipe the raid or require excess healing or require too many explanations on a boss fight or cause loot drama or go AFK a lot or offend other good players who might choose to bail on you as a result. Recount et al. is a tool. It is not the whole toolbox. Source 

Why did you remove downranking on healing spells?
This requires a long answer, and you can probably find our response from previous posts. The short summary is that it was taking more and more of our development time to balance spells where the new ranks still looked appealing. Early LK beta testers just ignored the new ranks of spells because their mana costs were huge and their spellpower was high enough that the lower base healing on a lower rank was irrelevant to them. The math problem was getting difficult and after many meetings we decided we could better spend our design time on more pressing issues. Source 

[US] Free Character Moves to Scilla
As we our nearing our goal for PvP transfers to Scilla, free character moves to this realm will be shut down Monday, February 2, 12:00 pm PST. Players on eligible source realms are encouraged to move to Scilla as soon as possible if it is your desired destination. We thank you for your understanding as we shut these moves down ahead of schedule. Source 

Posting on official forums ...
A friendly reminder if you're just joining us....
I read all of these threads. Many other Blizzard employees do too.
If you make good points, then trust that we have gotten the message. You do not need a blue response to indicate that we have gotten the message.
Please do not complain about which posts we respond to or why.
As a rule of thumb, the better posts tend to discuss classes and mechanics and not Blizzard itself. 

 Druid Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Lower Bear threat in 3.0.8
We still have not identified anything that could account for lower threat, other than those factors already mentioned in this thread e.g. lowered Mangle, possibly more armor leading to less rage. We will keep looking into in it and following discussions such as this. Source 

 Priest Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Raid-Wide Holy Nova
The reason we haven't switched every spell over to be raid-wide is some of them don't scale easily. With something like Holy Nova, you have two options:

1 Heals well in a 5-player group, so it heals phenomenally well in a 25-player group.
2 Heals well in a 25-player group, so trivializes anything in a 5-player group.

In other words, if you make it raid-wide and heal 25 for as much as it heals 5 for then it is just 5x as good in a larger group. So you start considering a 5 player cap, but then positioning is really tough because you can't pick out the 5 most wounded people to target. So then you consider making it smart, and suddenly priests have 2 or 3 spells that work exactly like CoH.

The right answer might be something like it heals less per person the larger your group, but even that is a little strange and changes the role of the spell depending on group size.

But we have some ideas. Source 

Hotfix for Guardian Spirit? Doesn't properly proc the 50% Heal
It is not an easy bug to fix because the problem described seems to happen inconsistently and smells strongly of being affected by server lag. If we can come up with a clean fix then we will hotfix. Currently we aren't sure how widespread or frequent the problem is. Source 

Featured Addons – Issue 4 - Gomish Yellow Pages by Trell ;u=5774
First of all, as requested by a few readers, who emailed specifically to ask, heres a list of the previous Featured Addons articles.

Featured Addons Issue 1 - TourGuide 
Featured Addons Issue 2 - ClassTimer 
Featured Addons Issue 3 - ClosetGnome 

This time around, we're featuring an addon called GnomishYellowPages. It's another WoWAce addon, and is, as the name suggests, a great way of keeping track of all those Trade messages. Further down, we also have an interview with the author of GnomishYellowPages referred to as GYP from here on. As usual, click any link within the addon feature to see a full size image.

Bascially, once installed, GYP will run non intrusively in the background, and every time you enter a capital city, it will start 'listening' in on the Trade channel. Any time anyone links a profession, it will store their link, along with any other text they send to Trade with it.

To bring up the main screen, simply type /gyp into a chatbox. If you're more lazy, you can macro it to a button/hotkey if you don't know how to do this, type /macro in a chat box, click the New button, then choose an icon, and type a name for the new button you're creating. Then in the large textbox on the left, simply type: /gyp - once you've done that, you can drag your new button down to an action bar, if you so wish.

You'll get this screen come up  don't worry if it isn't full, or doesn't have a scrollbar, bear in mind that GYP needs a little time to collect links of people advertising in Trade. If you only log on at 5am in the morning, it's not likely that GYP will collect much data.

Now, in the screen that you see above, names in red are people who are currently offline, names in grey are 'strangers' people not in your guild/friendlists, who are online, and names in green are guildies. Friends are showing in yellow. Finally, names in cyan are people that are in the same zone as you.

GYP offers a wealth of ways to use this data too, this screen shows that you can whisper someone directly  from the main screen simply by clicking their name. You can also refresh someones location on the list  by clicking their status. You can sort any of the columns  in the table by left clicking the title of the column, and can also filter the professions shown  by right clicking the professions column.

Clicking any of the links in the table will bring up that persons profession, for easy browsing. Clicking the buttons at the top of the table will enable you to 'shop' for whatever you want  It brings up a profession window, and filters the table automatically. When you click on a recipe in the profession window, it will change the profession links in the table to a light blue colour if that person can craft that item.

And we also have an interview with lilsparky, the author of GnomishYellowPages. If you're just interested in downloading the addon, and want to skip the interview, scroll down to the bottom ;

Hi lilsparky, and thanks for taking the time to answer a few questions.

First of all, what class do you play in game?
I've tried most classes, but the one i played the most is a mage. Mages are just too fun not to love.

What other addons have you written/been involved in?
The first addon i wrote is "LilSparky's Workshop" which is a trade skill item value/cost analysis tool. it started out as a full-fledged trade skill ui, but then i reworked it to simply plug into other trade skill mods which was way simpler to manage.

Sticking with the theme, i spent a bit of time working on a branch of skillet trade skill mod while the author was taking a hiatus from wow. My version is available at wowace as a clone, but the original author of skillet has returned and is once again maintaining the trunk version which has sort of left my version as a bit of an orphan. My intention is to do a rewrite as a completely new mod. At some point.

What made you start development on GYP? 
One of the main features i had added to my skillet development branch was a means to record recipe info for alternate characters. It was pretty cool. then 3.0 came out with trade links which made all that work kind of pointless. Playing with those links got me thinking about the idea of recording them since they're so small for later viewing -- not unsimilar to other mods that record item links. A few bells and whistles explicit to trade links and the gnomish yellow pages was born.

Are there any other additions you eventually want to add in to GYP? 
Absolutely! Gyp lacks some data management capabilities -- things like ignoring trades you aren't interested in, trades below a certain level, traffic on certain channels or from certain people like ignoring strangers and only recording friends/guildmates. Plus it needs a way to purge data it has already recorded -- either individually or en masse.

The other thing i'm going to add is a more comprehensive shopping mechanism. Rather than write a trade skill browser, I intend to plug into other to allow you to add interesting recipes to a wish list. Gyp would then use this wish list to color or filter the trade links. The basic scheme is already there with gyp monitoring your trade skill browsing, but there's no wish list implemented yet. Also, when a new trade is linked that has an item you're looking for, a pop up could notify you that ubermage is selling enchant weapon - kick ass.

What advice can you give to anyone thats thinking of writing their own addon? 
Start small. Even better, start off by modifying something else. Adding a feature to a mod you like is a great way to learn. Hooking up with a modding community is also worth while. I've found most mod authors are always willing to share what they've learned. Wowwiki also has a ton of development resources.

And finally, if you had to choose just one, what would be your personal favourite addon ever? 
I think I'd have to go with my "first love" -- the auctioneer suite. I love information and that's what auctioneer is all about. Plus, it was one of the first mods i ever installed. And of course, it doesn't hurt that it can make you rich.

Download GnomishYellowPages:
WoW Ace  - warning - addons downloaded directly from WoW Ace are commonly Beta quality and may not be 100% stable.
Curse Gaming 

So thats it for another Featured Addons - send any questions or suggestions to featured.addons@gmail.com.


Comics
Dark Legacy Comic #175  and Teh Gladiators #59  are out!


   