Boubouille2009-03-17, 12:08 PMArena Season 6 - Armor Sets Preview
Since the release of Patch 3.1 on test realms, I posted a lot of Tier 8 screenshots but "ignored" PvP sets for quite some time. I'm not really sure if they're the final version of each sets but it should be fairly representative of what you should expect here. 
Please keep in mind that they might not be the final versions of the PvP sets
 Druid - Sorry, your set isn't fully available yet
You can find the PvE sets in the Tier 8 Sets Final Model Preview  post. 


 


New User Interface Updates
There are many new additions and changes coming in the near future for World of Warcraft. Alongside the hotly anticipated raid dungeon Ulduar  , several new user interface features will be debuting, and we’ve put together a preview of them to let you know what to expect when the patch arrives:

 


Patch 3.1 PTR Ulduar damage analysis
As another experiment, we are creating this thread for posting and analysis of PTR raid damage parses. If you don't understand what that means, you probably don't need to be posting in this thread.

I am going to be keeping a low profile in this thread. Please do not use it to ask questions or make demands. Please do not include any pre-3.1 numbers unless they are solely for comparative purposes. Please do not make definitive statements unsupported by data. Please do not derail the thread. We will try to delete off-topic responses.

For an example of what we would like to see, you can refer to the better parts of this thread:

 


Blue posts
Ulduar - Itemization
Ulduar has more items than all of BC's raids put together, and that's with gear consolidation. Bring the player not the class was to allow groups more flexibility in inviting their friends and to make room for say Demonology warlocks, Balance druids, Marksman hunters and other specs that couldn't be fit into a Sunwell raid because of the inflexibility of the mandatory buff jigsaw puzzle. Source 

Ulduar - Difficulty
We had to fix some problems, and very rapid mana regeneration was one of them. Another big one was amazing tank cooldowns mostly from the DK. However we stepped up the difficulty on the encounters too. There is no “just burn him down” boss like Noth. The trash will require crowd control on some pulls. Ulduar is not Sunwell. It is not a huge leap up in difficulty from Naxx, but it is a step up. If that isn’t enough of a challenge for you, then I suggest you try the hard modes and pay a visit to Algalon. Source 

Healers
They should not be running out of mana in Ulduar if they play well. In Naxx you can do things like stand in fires, overheal like mad, bring players in green gear to get geared up, or not even explain the fights to pugs because you can brute force your way through them. One the mechanics that allows you to brute force is having so much mana regen. Now all of that is appropriate for the first raid tier. Things will start to get a little more difficult now, and a lot more difficult if you want to do the hardest fights. Naxx = play bad and win. Ulduar = play good and win. Source 

Ulduar - Hard Modes
Hard modes are designed to give very skilled groups something to do while still allowing more casual groups to see the content. Ulduar has 14 bosses. We haven't done an instance of that size since the original Naxxramas, and Ulduar has a lot more unique content than Naxx had. You are imagining a world in which if we had not done hard modes, you would have gotten another entire raid. That is a bad assumption. You would have gotten Ulduar, cleared it quickly, and then been bored again.

Yes, we know players given the choice will always want more content. If we offered 6 levels of raid content, there are still players who would clear it quickly and be looking for something new. Welcome to the challenges of MMO design. Source 

Argent Tournament on PTRs
Thanks for the reports about being unable to champion for a third faction; we found an issue with it and corrected it. You should see it in the next update. 

I believe the next time the PTR is updated I'll be making a post calling for focused testing on the Tournament. Obviously we've still got an eye on the relative difficulty of the valiants and the champions, and I do appreciate the feedback you've given thus far. Source 

 Druid Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
360° Swipe in 3.1
The correct range for the new, 360 Swipe should be 8 yards. It appears to only be 5 in your version of the data. Source 

 Mage Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Spirit affecting DPS in the future?
I said that a proper benefit of Spirit to mages would be for it to affect dps. But I cautioned that you should not expect your dps to go up overnight because of this change. Perhaps I was being too cautious, but I know that at least some players are hoping to get free dps out of the deal. The problem we are trying to fix here is not "mage dps is too low." The problem we are trying to fix is "mage gear has spirit, which doesn't do much for them except for a small bit of in-combat mana regen."

If you think mage dps is too low, that is a separate topic, but we would still be unlikely to fix that by suddenly giving you 10 dps for every point of spirit on your gear. 

[...] I said mage A little to no Spirit on gear and mage B Spirit on gear would have similar dps. Currently A has higher dps because she has no "wasted stats."

I probably ended up confusing some people because I was trying to be too cautious in saying do not expect mage B >>>>> mage A. Source 