Boubouille2009-03-12, 11:10 AMIt looks like we'll see a new PTR Build today, hopefully this one will finally include models for Ulduar loot, harder bosses, and tier 8 sets to give us a more complete view of what to expect from this patch on live servers. Stay tuned? 

Patch 3.1 - Proto-Drake Mounts
As mentioned in previous posts , a lot of mounts are being added to the game with Patch 3.1. Two of them are Proto-Drakes, the Ironbound Proto-Drake and the Rusted Proto-Drake. They're both 310% speed mounts, if you add this info to the few official posts we got in the past days, we can assume that they will be here to replace the Plagued Proto-Drake and Black Proto-Drake "removed" in Patch 3.1 see this post 
We don't feel like it needs a 280% mount reward after 3.1 comes out, we are adding new 310% mounts as Ulduar achievements for players to shoot for. If you just want a 280% mount, there are others out there to purchase red drake and earn red protodrake. 
Again, this is just speculation, nothing was confirmed by Blizzard for the moment. 



<object width="560" height="370"><param name="movie" value=""></param><param name="allowFullScreen" value="true"></param><param name="allowscriptaccess" value="always"></param><embed src="" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" allowscriptaccess="always" allowfullscreen="true" width="560" height="370"></embed></object>



         
         


Blue posts
Engineering changes in Patch 3.1
Here are some of the 3.1 changes for engineering so far:
Added a new Reticulated Armor Webbing engineering enchant that increases the armor on plate gloves.
Added a new Springy Arachnoweave engineering enchant that grants passive spell power in addition to turning your cloak into a parachute.
Flexweave Underlay now grants passive agility in addition to its normal effect.
Nitro Boosts now grant passive critical strike rating in addition to their speed boost. 
The list may not be conclusive and is subject to change over the course of the public testing process. Source 

Noblegarden April 12 to April 18 achievements and Patch 3.1 release date
The current plan is to delay Noblegarden should the testing process run long. You should be able to get your week of egg-hunting in. And for those of you not looking forward to the egg-hunting of Noblegarden... I think you'll find it a wee bit different this year. Source 

Replacing the Riding Crop in WotLK
We don't have any immediate plans for trinkets to be used to increase mount speed past 70. It is something that we are discussing and we will have more information about this at a later date. Source 

Theorycrafting vs. PTR Testing
We put a lot more faith in actual numbers generated on the PTR. We have no way of knowing what assumptions or errors third party tools may make, and we can't really spend our development time debugging someone else's project. Usually the player base itself eventually knocks the bugs out of those things and they become accepted over time as reasonable or rejected. So until a lot of you start to say that a given tool accurately represents the numbers you can generate on the PTR or live, we take them with a grain of salt. You probably should too. Source 

 11/03 Realms and migration
Recommended realms
Normal/PvE: Blade's Edge, Saurfang, Terokkar
PvP: Auchindoun, Mazrigos, Vek'nilash
RP: Steamwheedle Cartel
RP PvP: Scarshield Legion

Saurfang normal/PvE, Battlegroup Misery, opened January 31 as a fresh realm no migration to the realm for 90 days.

Free Character Migration FCM
Please note that any migration may be closed at any time should a destination realm's population rise too high.

To improve the faction ratio on Magtheridon, the following migrations are available from March 11th to 17th:

From Magtheridon Horde only to Balnazzar, Burning Blade, Chromaggus, Dragonmaw, Executus, Genjuros, Hakkar, Haomarush, Neptulon, Sunstrider, Tarren Mill, Trollbane, Zenedar, and Silvermoon PvE
To Magtheridon Alliance only from all PvE realms except Chamber of Aspects and Saurfang

No other FCM will be open this week for English realms. 

 Death Knight Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Scent of Blood and Rune Strike
Scent of Blood would be a good replacement for Bo Sanc if it had better numbers. It's high enough in the tree, and just below a mandatory tanking talent, that most DKs should have access to it. I will correct one misconception though. On-next-swing attacks do count as melee swings, so Rune Strike actually will generate runic power with the Scent of Blood aura on you though Blood Strike will not.

As clarified by a poster above, Rune Strike will also proc the Necrosis damage. Source 

Tanking Threat
Expertise and hit are great +threat stats. That is especially true of DKs who suffer a lot when one of their rotational abilities fails to land. My point about DKs just starting out is that the content just starting out is very forgiving of gear. The 5-player content is designed to be tanked by an Arms warrior. Source 

 Druid Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Tree of Life in PvP
We like the tree in PvP. We changed mechanics in LK such as the self-snare to make the tree more reasonable, but we don't think it's quite there yet. We imagined two different defensive styles -- the traditional hot and run approach or going into or staying as Tree of Life for a more stand-there-and-take-it tactic. The problem, we think, is that the tree isn't survivable enough now and the cost of shifting in and out of tree is a little high. Source 