Boubouille2009-02-05, 05:39 PMUpcoming Class Change Highlights Part 2
We are planning a lot of exciting content for patch 3.1.0, and we are doing a three-part preview series on upcoming class changes. This is the second in the series: Warlocks, Druids, and Warriors. Please keep in mind, that this list is not at all comprehensive, and subject to change. To read the previous list in the series, check out Part 1 -  

 Warlock Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Improved Shadow Bolt – this talent now provides a 5% spell critical strike buff similar to Improved Scorch.
Improved Soul Leech – this talent now provides Replenishment similar to shadow priests
Drain Soul now has a chance to produce Soul Shards even if the target doesn’t die.
Siphon Life no longer as an active ability but the talent grants the old Siphon Life effect to Corruption.
Curse of Recklessness and Curse of Weakness have been combined into one spell
Consume Shadows – this Voidwalker ability is no longer channeled but has a cooldown.
Several other warlock talents have had their ranks reduced, their effects changed or removed. This list includes but is not limited to Demonic Empathy, Shadow Embrace, Eradication, Suppression, and Pandemic.
Additional new talents have been added.

 Druid Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Savage Defense – this is a new passive ability. When a druid in Dire Bear form deals a melee critical strike, the druid gains a damage shield equal to 25% of their attack power. The next hit completely removes the shield regardless of how much damage was done.
Survival of the Fittest has had its bonus armor reduced to compensate for the above increase in damage mitigation.
Faerie Fire and similar debuffs now reduces armor by 5%. See Sunder Armor in the warrior update below for additional details.
Thorns and Nature’s Grasp can be cast in Tree of Life form.
Survival Instincts now works in Moonkin form.
Replenish – to avoid confusion, this talent has been renamed “Revitalize.” It now also works with Wild Growth.
We are also looking at increasing the sustained not burst damage of feral druids in cat form.

 Warrior Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Changing stances now has a much reduced cost: you lose a maximum of 20 rage 10 with Tactical Mastery. For example, if you have 100 rage and change stances, you will have 80 rage remaining. If you have 10 rage and change stances, all of your rage is lost. In addition, we may change the penalties associated with some stances.
You now gain rage when damage done to you is absorbed, such as through a Power Word: Shield.
Blood Frenzy now causes 2/4% physical damage done.
Sunder Armor and similar debuffs now reduces armor by 4% per application, and is now a single rank. Creature armor has been globally reduced so that debuffed targets should take about the same damage from physical attacks that they did before this change. The net effect should be that this debuff is slightly less mandatory in PvE and is not disproportionately more powerful against cloth targets in PvP.
We are also adding increased damage to Arms, possibly through Overpower or Slam.
We are also looking at granting rage when the warrior blocks, dodges or parries.

COMING SOON
Hunter
Death Knight
Mage
Paladin