Boubouille2009-03-05, 06:06 PMHodir PTR Testing North America
Hodir is being tested on US PTRs once again tonight! 

Hodir
HP - 25M Heroic Mode
Normal melee attacks for 25k damage on a well-geared warrior
His aura called Biting Cold is using the same mechanics as Intense Cold during the fight against Keristrasza, it stacks up and damage increase over time. Moving will reset the stack. This is also affected by the Toasty Fire, see below
Hodir casts "Flash Freeze" 9 seconds cast time, a spell that freezes the entire raid in blocks of ice. 
He will randomly spawn Icicles, they will create patch of ices on the ground as they drop. Standing on the ice when Hodir casts Flash Freeze prevents from being encased in a block of ice.
You can also prevent Biting Cold and Freeze by staying next to a Toasty Fire in the room, however it will be removed by Flash Freeze. Warms nearby friendly creatures, preventing the effects of Freeze and Biting Cold, and increasing Spirit by 4. Toasty fire can be extinguished by falling ice or powerful frost magic.
After Flash Freeze, Hodir will gain "Frozen Blows" and deal 70% reduced physical damage but each attack deals 40,000 additional frost damage. 

At the beginning of the fight, 8 4 in 10-Man adds are trapped in blocks of ice next to Hodir. You can break the blocks of ice during the fight to free them and get their help, there are 3 kind of adds:
Moonkins - Cast Starlight , players standing in the column of light get their haste increased by 50%
Shamans - Cast Storm Power , Increases critical strike chance of up to 3 friendly targets in a chain by 100% for 15 sec.
Mages - Cast Toasty Fire  - Warms nearby friendly creatures, preventing the effects of Freeze and Biting Cold, and increasing Spirit by 4. Toasty fire can be extinguished by falling ice or powerful frost magic. 
Priests - Dispell the Frost Nova. 


Thorim PTR Testing Europe
Thorim is being tested on EU PTRs once again tonight! 

Health Points - 16.7M 25-Man / ? 10-Man

The fight takes place in The Clash of Thunder, an arena overwatched by Thorim himself. As you enter the arena you will see a Jormungar Behemoth ~1.2M HP fighting a captured alliance/horde opposing faction team composed of 1 tank, 1 healer, and 3 damage dealers. Killing them is fairly easy, just make sure you take care of the AoE healing from the healer while fighting the NPC and try to avoid the large poison breath while fighting the Jormungar. 

Once the NPCs and the Jormungar are dead, a lot of constructs melee, casters, and healers will jump into the arena from the stands and you will have to handle them with only one part of your raid while Thorim throws Stormhammers at them. He will also randomly activates the lightning orbs surrouding the arena, they will deal strong AoE damage to anyone near as soon as they are activated: run away from them! 

The 2nd part of the raid will have to go through the hallway to the left of the Arena and fight its way to Thorim. This hallways is also full of constructs and will also have you deal with two mini bosses about 5M HP each, you only have 5 minutes to reach Thorim before he goes berserk and kills your raid.

When Thorim is pulled by the hallway team, he will jump into the arena and the last part of the fight will begin. He's got 11M Health Points and hits a well geared tank for 8k damage but will also use two abilities: the first one is an Unbalancing Strike  reducing the defense of the tank by 200 for 15 sec 100 for 6 seconds in normal. He will also casts Lightning Charge  every 15 seconds, just like with Grull this effect will stack and Thorim will deal more and more damage during the fight. Thanks to Wraith  for the help on the description of the fight


 