Boubouille2009-01-25, 06:30 PMNetherwing Faction in 3.0.8
A very small note about the Netherwing Dragonflight , leveling your reputation with this faction is now slightly easier because of the changes mades to two daily quests:

The Not-So-Friendly Skies...  - The droprate of Netherwing Relic  has been increased to 100%.
A Slow Death  - The droprate of Fel Gland  has been increased to 100% as well.

That's probably a good news now that most of the players are trying to get 100 Mounts for a cute Dragonhawk Mount. Below are 2 screenshots of the reward for the 100 mounts achievement because it seems that I never posted the horde version, Alliance players will get the blue dragonhawk and Horde players the red one. 


   


Blue posts
Lunar Festival - "Elder" title requires level 80
The world event in and of itself is available to all levels and is one of the more accessible holidays. You can participate in more or less every aspect of the holiday itself, even if you're not 80.

The achievements aren't considered an integral part of that holiday accessibility. They are meant to be marks of what you have achieved during the holiday. Visiting all the elders is indeed an achievement, and we see no problem with some achievements for the holidays requiring a certain level, as they are not mandatory for participation in the actual event. Source 

More crowd control will be required in future raid instances
There will be more CC in the future. We don't want every pull to require months of planning, and sometimes burning down large groups can be fun. But remember Noxromulus was designed to be approachable and puggable. It will get harder from here on out. Source 

Haste for melee classes
Haste is a worthwhile stat to some casters but it is not useful for many melee. We are trying some different things to make it more apealing. Source 

Armor Penetration
Armor Pen I think is just undertuned. It is a good stat in general, but the amount of +armor pen you need to get to something noticeable is too high. We would like to buff it. Source 

Glancing Blows
Glancing blows are something you are not likely to see go away. They are a big tool we use to balance melee versus bosses. Source 

 Druid Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Ferocious Bite burst in PvP
Ferocious Bite is on our list of "probably too bursty in PvP." It's at the bottom of the list, but we will still likely chill it out a little. Source 

Feral - Cat DPS
Cats might be falling behind other melee classes. This is something we are monitoring and discussing. There are some new glyphs coming in 3.1 which are more PvE-oriented and that might help some.

The cat rotation can be complicated, but at the moment we're okay with that. If you play a little sloppy with the rotation e.g. ignoring Rake sometimes or not keeping Rip up 100% you generally just suffer a dps loss rather than the whole thing collapsing down around you.

Swipe Cat. Yum. Source 

 Hunter Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Beast Mastery
Well put, and that's what we want too. BM was the highest spec before by a considerable margin and has been for a few years. If it is too low now, we will buff it. It is challenging with dps classes to get the numbers within 1% of each other. But if they are close enough, then it won't matter for the majority of players, who can then play whatever matches their playstyle the best.

Those players who always want the highest dps at any cost will respec for even a marginal dps gain, and we can live with that. For 95% of guilds though, that marginal dps increase is not what is standing between success and failure. There are very few moments in the history of the game where a few dps was the difference between success and failure for all but the most cutting edge of guilds.

But first we just have to get all the specs to be marginally different from each other. Source 

 Rogue Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Combat spec
Combat definitely needs a buff. We don't want to go back to where every PvE rogue goes that route and many leveling too but its dps is too far behing Assassination. Source 