Boubouille2009-02-11, 09:32 AM<script src=""></script>Love is in the Air - Achievement Guide
Love is in the Air! Be careful because it seems that love isn't around for long in World of Warcraft: this event will start on February 11 at 06:00AM and end on February 16 at 06:00AM. Server time 

The Fool for Love  meta-achievement is obviously a part of the What A Long, Strange Trip It's Been  achievement to get the Violet Proto-Drake  310% Speed Flying Mount.

Most of these achievements are easily completed because they rely heavily on items found in Gifts of Adorations  and Pledge of Adoration  You can easily get them and you can also buy them from other players at the Auction House if you're running short on time. 

Heartmender 
Use the Unbestowed Friendship Bracelets  on 20 players affected by the Heartbroken  debuff. You can find the bracelets inside the Gift of Adorations  you get when you offer a Love Token  to a guard in capital cities. 

 of Adoration  /  of Adoration 
Get a Gift of Adorations  from each capital city. 

Tokens  are bought from Innkeepers during the event. Giving a token to a guard will affect you with the Adored  debuff and will reward you with a Gift of Adorations  This won't work all the time, you can also get the Heartbroken  debuff and in this case you just won't get anything. You can cancel the Heartbroken debuff with a Unbestowed Friendship Bracelets  ... Which is the whole point of the achievement! Just make other players happy! 

Flirt with Disaster 
Drink enough alcohol to be completely smashed, buy a Perfume Bottle  from the closest Innkeeper selling it, and use your Bouquet of Red Roses  or Bouquet of Ebon Roses  on either 
  or  Payson  depending on your faction. 

Nearest and Dearest 
Buy some Perfume  or Cologne  along with a few Love Tokens  and complete the  Love  or  Love  questline depending on your faction. They're simple delivery quests and you shouldn't have any problem with that. 

Sweet Tooth 
Eat a Buttermilk Delight , Dark Desire , Sweet Surprise  and a Very Berry Cream  All these items are found in the Box of Chocolate  contained in Gifts of Adorations  and Pledge of Adoration  If you plan to do the other achievements this one won't be a problem as you'll have plenty of them available. 

My Love is Like a Red, Red Rose 
Obtain a Bouquet of Red Roses  or Bouquet of Ebon Roses 
The Bouquet of Red Roses  was found on Archivist Galford  Stratholme, Illyanna Ravenoak  Dire Maul, Princess Moira Bronzebeard  Blackrock Depths and Lorekeeper Polkelt  but is no longer obtainable 
The Bouquet of Ebon Roses  is found on Maiden of Grief  Halls of Stone, Prince Keleseth  Utgarde Keep and Prince Taldaram  

Shafted! 
Use Silver Shafted Arrow  on 10 players, once again you can find this item in the Gifts of Adorations  and Pledge of Adoration  and it should be pretty easy to have enough of them to complete the achievement. If you really need more arrows you can also complete the Alliance Gift Collection  Gift Collection  and complete the quest  to get 5 extra arrows but it's going to waste a LOT of your time. 

Lonely? 
Join someone for a picnic in Dalaran! This will require a Romantic Picnic Basket , this is a rare drop from Gifts of Adorations  and Pledges of Adoration  If you're not lucky with droprates, you can still find someone with the basket and share a picnic with him/her to complete your achievement. 

The Rocket's Pink Glare 
Shoot off 10 Love Rockets  in 20 seconds or less. This is another easy achievement, you can find the rockets in Gifts of Adorations  and Pledges of Adoration  

Fistful of Love 
Use a Handful of Rose Petals  or your Bouquet of Red Roses  / Bouquet of Ebon Roses  on each of the race/class combination. Handful of Petals  are found in Gifts of Adorations  and Pledges of Adoration  

Be Mine! 
Use the Bag of Candies  found in Gifts of Adorations  and Pledges of Adoration  to create each of the hearts listed. 

I Pitied the Fool 
Obtain a Love Fool  from a Gifts of Adorations  or Pledges of Adoration  and use it in the specified locations. Once the Love Fool is on the ground just target it and do a /pity emote. 


2009 WoW Arena Tournament Announced
We’re pleased to announce that the 2009 World of Warcraft Arena Tournament is nearly here. Starting next week February 17, 2009, players will be able to sign up to compete in this year’s exciting competition. The tournament will feature an online qualifier played on our special tournament realms. Top teams will proceed to their respective regional finals and compete for a chance to reach the global world championship – with cash prizes totaling over $200,000.

These realms have been outfitted with level 80 character templates and the latest epic gear from Wrath of the Lich King. As an added bonus, we have included exclusive rewards that players can earn by participating in the tournament, including an Armored Murloc in-game pet. Top teams will also contend for a chance to achieve the “Vanquisher” title for their live characters.

If you would like to demonstrate your arena prowess, or simply want a chance to earn the exclusive loot, please check back next week for more details and register! 


Hunter Ammo Changes partially removed from Patch 3.1.0
In our 3.1.0 class updates post, we had announced plans to remove consumable ammunition from the game upon the release of the next major content patch. Our original plans were to change ammunition so that hunters would no longer need to utilize bag space, while adding some new functionality that would continue to make ammunition a compelling element of gameplay. Unfortunately, this intended change will not be completely ready in time for patch 3.1.0.

We still fully intend to move forward with this change when the additional functionality becomes available, and for 3.1.0 we still intend to remove the need for pouches/quivers by greatly increasing the stack sizes on arrows and bullets, and the haste bonus from the bags will be preserved in another fashion. We’ll be sure to inform our players with further updates once they become available. 


Blue Posts
Unintentional instance saving
We did speak with some of the developers about this recently. While I'm unable to comment on your specific suggestions, I'll say we were all in agreement that something needs to change with raid IDs. On the one hand, we are happy that pick-up groups have a wider array of options at their disposal, whether it be 5, 10, or 25 man content. On the other hand though, it's currently too easy to end up saved to an instance that's been cleared, or close to it, without knowing ahead of time this will happen.

We've been looking at player feedback in this regard, and are working to develop a better interface to warn players that will be saved to an instance that's been partially, or completely cleared. This is something that might not happen in 3.1, but we'll be discussing this further internally in the near future. Source 

 Druid Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Savage Defense
It isn't intended as a buff or nerf per se. As many players have surmised, we want to make gearing as a bear tank more interesting, yet we don't have a lot of room to expand on stamina, dodge or armor. In this case the specific numbers are not as important as the general idea, though we also think the specific numbers are a really good place to start. Source 

 Hunter Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Plans to changes hunter ammos in 3.1.0 cancelled
One of the things we have been trying to do more of is give players a sneak peak at what we are working on. The risk of course is that players become disappointed or even outraged when some of the changes don't come to pass. The traditional Blizzard tight-lipped responses and invocation of "soon" are partially for this reason. It used to be that everyone found out about class changes through patch notes.

Blizzard uses the development model of iterative design more than almost anyone else in the industry. We go through a ton of changes before you see a fraction of them. Source 

 Mage Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Arcane Barrage Nerfed
A last minute change was made to the mage Arcane Barrage spell which reduced its spell power coefficient. This change did not make it into the 3.0.9 patch notes. We will be carefully evaluating this change and its effects on game balance in both PvE and PvP. If you have constructive feedback to provide, please do so in this thread. Source 

 Priest Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Hymns
Keep in mind that the changes we listed as a possible for the future patch are just a short list. I believe Ghostcrawler did say that Hymns are something we'd like to look at, but I couldn't say specifically if anything is planned for them just yet. Source 

 Warlock Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Warlock Pets
We're looking into making further improvements though there is no current ETA for these pets, however, specifics haven't been locked down. We'll let you know when more information becomes available on this subject. Source 


New World of Warcraft Wallpaper
A new wallpaper has been added to the official site 


 


Comics
Dark Legacy Comic #176  and Teh Gladiators #60  are out!


   