Boubouille2009-02-06, 04:07 AMUpcoming Class Change Highlights Part 3
Part 3 is here! I guess I was right a few weeks ago when I mentioned new ammunitions for hunters ... Also today:
Upcoming Class Change Highlights Part 1   Rogue,  Priest,  Shaman
Upcoming Class Change Highlights Part 2   Warlock,  Druid,  Warrior
Upcoming Changes to Mana Regeneration 

Also today
WoW/MMO Glider Update 
Sapphiron and Malygos Hotfixes 
Arena Matchmaking System FAQ 

We are planning a lot of exciting content for patch 3.1.0, and we are doing a three-part preview series on upcoming class changes. This is the third in the series: Mages, Paladins, Hunters, and Death Knights. Please keep in mind, that this list is not at all comprehensive, and subject to change.

 Mage Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Improved Water Elemental – this talent has been removed and replaced with a new talent that grants Replenishment similar to Shadow priests.
We are also working on a way to give frost mages Ice Lance “Shatter combos” in PvE.
We are also working on more survivability for Fire spec in PvP.
We are also working on making Spirit a more useful and interesting stat for all mages.

 Paladin Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Blessing of Kings – this spell is now a base ability trainable by all paladins.
Exorcism – this spell now causes damage to all types of enemy targets. However, it always critical strikes undead or demon targets. This change should make sure paladin damage doesn’t drop when going from Naxxramas to later tiers of content.
Shield of the Templar now causes your Avenger’s Shield and Shield of the Righteousness to silence targets for 3 sec. The old damage bonus of this talent has been folded into Holy Shield, Avenger’s Shield, and Shield of the Righteousness.
Ardent Defender, Improved Hammer of Justice, One-Handed Weapon Specialization and more have had their ranks reduced.
Guarded by the Light – no longer reduces the mana cost of shield spells, but now has a 50/100% chance to refresh Divine Plea duration.
Judgements of the Just – now also reduces the cooldown of Hammer of Justice by 10/20 seconds and increases the duration of the Seal of Justice stun effect by 0.5/1 second.

 Hunter Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Consumable ammunition has been removed from the game. Arrows and bullets no longer stack, but are not consumed. Ranged attack speed bonus gained from quivers and ammo bags will be preserved in a different capacity.
A new tier of hunter pet talents have been added. In particular, this allows Beastmaster hunters to improve their damage per second DPS with their 51 point talent.
Hunting Party – this talent has been reduced to 3 ranks and also grants a passive bonus to the hunter.
Piercing Shots – this talent has been changed. Your Aimed, Steady and Chimera Shots cause the target to bleed for 10/20/30% of damage dealt for 8 sec.
Sniper Training – this talent has been changed. After standing still for 6 sec, you gain a 2/4/6% damage bonus to Steady, Aimed and Explosive Shot.
We are also looking to add additional trap functionality to Survival.

 Death Knight Skills List  / Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Gargoyle and Unholy Blight have swapped talent positions. Gargoyle’s damage has increased and runic power cost per time has decreased.
Pestilence – this spell no longer causes damage but just spreads diseases. Blood Boil is intended to be the general area attack, and has been changed to be castable on targets with no diseases on them, but does extra damage if diseases are present.
Unbreakable Armor now absorbs a flat amount of damage that increases as your armor increases. It no longer boosts armor.
The Frost tree has been shuffled. Among other things, PvP talents such as Endless Winter are closer to the top of the tree where Blood and Unholy death knights can access them.
Sudden Doom – this talent now procs a Death Coil rather than requiring an additional button click. It works similarly to shamans’ Lightning Overload.
Magic Suppression and Blood of the North have been reduced to 3 ranks for the same benefit.
Blood Gorged now grants armor penetration instead of expertise.