Boubouille2009-04-22, 03:29 PMRecent In-Game fixes - 04/21
Listed below are recent fixes we have applied to the game. Keep in mind that some of these changes may not be active until after the realm has been restarted. 

Psychic Horror will now properly disarm targets at all ranges.
Players can no longer summon the Black Knight unless you are riding an Argent Warhorse.
Shadow Mastery and Improved Scorch will no longer stack with each other.
Critical strikes from the Hunter ability Explosive Shot should properly trigger Thrill of the Hunt again.

Ulduar
Some of the trash mobs in Ulduar have received the following changes: the Molten Colossus should do less damage in normal mode, the Superheated Winds cast by Magma Ragers should have a smaller radius, and a slightly slower periodic damage, and Faceless Horrors have had their health reduced.
The Yogg-Saron encounter has received the following changes: Guardians of Yogg-Saron in phase 1 and Immortal Guardians in phase 3 have had their health reduced by 15% in heroic mode, the Destabilization Matrix cast by Mimiron will now correctly hinder the casting speed of Crusher Tentacles in both normal and heroic modes.
Freya’s Gift will now properly contain Emblems of Valor or Emblems of Conquest as appropriate for the completion of the encounter.
Some creatures in the Conservatory of Life have undergone the following changes: the health of Guardian Lashers has been reduced, reduced the number of charges of Elder Stonebark’s Petrified Bark ability, the healing of the Forest Swarmer’s Pollinate ability has been reduced, the frequency of the Forest Swarmer’s Pollinate ability has been increased, the healing of the Misguided Nymph’s Bind Life ability has been reduced in heroic mode.
The Razorscale encounter has received the following changes: the mole machines should now spawn closer together, Razorscale’s Fireball damage has been decreased in normal mode only, and Dark Rune Sentinel health has been reduced.
Kologarn should no longer permanently despawn without being killed.
Ignis the Furnace master has had his melee damage reduced.