Boubouille2009-04-10, 12:52 AMHotfix: Legplates of Conquest
We recently made a change to the sell value and disenchant materials obtained from Legplates of Conquest. The material costs used to create this item were unintentionally low, and we were prompted to make changes to minimize the impact on the game's economy. 


Official Patch Notes Update
The official patch notes  have been updated once again. Below are the new changes, additions to existing changes have a different color. 
General
Due to significant talent tree revisions, all players will have their talent points reimbursed. Several new spells and abilities have been added for select classes. Players will need to visit their class trainer to learn new spells.
The Argent Tournament, a permanent in-game event, has come to Icecrown. Players interested in taking part in this event should visit the Argent Pavilion located on the west side of the tournament grounds. Features include:
New ways of gaining reputation with capital cities.
All new daily quests, achievements and titles.
New rare and epic items, tabards, pets, banners, faction shirts and mounts.
Mounted combat, and much more to come!

PvP
Lake Wintergrasp
Steam Rush: Removed from the Siege Engine due to pathing issues.
Mana Regeneration: The amount of mana regeneration derived from intellect and spirit has been reduced by 40%; however, talents that allow for mana regeneration while in combat have been increased. As a result, in-combat regeneration for classes with those talents will stay the same, while out-of-combat regeneration will be lower.
The shaman’s Fire Elemental and Spirit Wolves, mage’s Water Elemental and Mirror Images, and druid’s Treants have all gained avoidance from area-of-effect damage similar to what warlock and hunter pets already have.

 Death Knight 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Anti-magic Shell: The amount of damage this ability can absorb is now limited to 100% Up from 50% of the death knight’s health.
Blood Boil now does some damage to undiseased targets and extra damage to diseased targets. Its damage radius has been decreased to 10 yards.
Death Strike: The amount of healing per damage done has been reduced by 20%. Now deals 75% weapon damage, up from 60%.
Blood
Dancing Rune Weapon: Damage done by, and duration of this pet is reduced by 50%, but the cooldown is reduced to 90 seconds. Attack speed of pet increased from 2.0 to 3.5.
Will of the Necropolis: This ability now has a 15-second cooldown on how often it can occur. No longer triggers from damage amounts less than 5% of the player’s health.
Frost
Frost Aura: Replaced with Improved Frost Presence. Allows the death knight to keep the health bonus of Frost Presence in any presence, and decreases magic damage taken while in Frost Presence.
Rime: This talent is now triggered by Obliterate instead of Icy Touch. When this talent triggers, it also resets the cooldown on Howling Blast.
Unholy
New Talent: Ghoul Frenzy: Grants 25% melee haste to your pet and heals it for 30% of its maximum health. Costs 1 Unholy Rune and lasts 30 seconds. Requires at least 30 points in the Unholy tree.

 Druid 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Balance
Moonkin Form: Mana cost reduced.
Feral
Survival Instincts: Cooldown reduced to 3 minutes, down from 5.

 Hunter 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Survival
New Talent: Black Arrow: Fires a Black Arrow at the target, increasing all damage done by you to the target by 6% and doing periodic shadow damage for 15 seconds. 30-second cooldown. Shares a cooldown with all other traps.
T.N.T.: Increases damage done by Explosive Shot, Immolation Trap, and Explosive Trap by 2/4/6%.

 Mage 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Molten Armor: Chance to critically strike is now increased by a percentage of the mage’s total spirit.

 Priest 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Holy
New Talent: Body and Soul: 2-point talent. When you cast Power Word: Shield, you increase the target's movement speed by 30/60% for 4 seconds, and you have a 50/100% chance when you cast Abolish Disease on yourself to also cleanse 1 poison effect in addition to diseases.

 Rogue 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Subtlety
Sinister Calling: The damage bonus to Backstab and Hemorrhage is now 2/4/6/8/10%, up from 1/2/3/4/5%. 

 Shaman 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Earth Elemental Totem: The summoned Earth Elemental should now have significantly more health and slightly more armor. Now scales up in power based on the shaman’s spell power instead of attack power.
Enhancement
Unleashed Rage: Reduced to 3 points, down from 5. No longer increases agility, but instead increases your total expertise by 3/6/9%.

Professions
Alchemy
Flask of Endless Rage: Now requires Goldclover instead of Fire Leaf.
Flask of Stoneblood: Health granted has been doubled.

Engineering
Added a new Reticulated Armor Webbing engineering enchant that increases the armor on cloth, leather, mail, or plate gloves.
Gnomish Lightning Generator: Now has passive critical strike rating. The damage from the activated effect has been reduced. No longer has a cast time. Now invokes a 10-second DPS burst item category cooldown.
Hand-Mounted Pyro Rocket: No longer on the global cooldown. Damage increased, Cooldown reduced. Now invokes a 10-second DPS burst item category cooldown.
Hyperspeed Accelerators: Now invokes a 10-second DPS burst item category cooldown.

User Interface
A new Equipment Manager feature has been added.This feature can be turned on from the Interface Options, and will enable managing up to ten separate sets of equipped items.

Items
Death Knight Tier 7 DPS Sets: Death Strike has been added to both the 2-piece and 4-piece bonuses.

Glyphs
 Death Knight
Glyph of Heart Strike: Duration of snare increased to 10 seconds.
 Warrior
Glyph of Shield Wall: Reduces the cooldown on Shield Wall by 2 minutes Down from 3 min, but Shield Wall now only reduces damage taken by 40%.

Bug Fixes
 Death Knight
Howling Blast: Each rank now properly shares a cooldown with the other ranks.
Summon Gargoyle: The Gargoyle will no longer re-attack rogues after they Vanish, or night elves who use Shadowmeld. Monsters will stop trying to chase a Gargoyle after it flies away. The debuff on the target indicating he or she is being pursued by a Gargoyle will no longer display the duration, and will be removed when the buff is removed from the death knight. Max duration in the tooltip changed to 40 seconds. 
 Hunter 
Hunter traps will no longer be able to be set off by totems.


Blue posts
Roleplaying in World of Warcraft
Role-players are not ignored contrary to what you may believe. I posted something about this a bit earlier on toward the end of the Wrath of the Lich King development cycle in which I pointed out that we have continued to add in some additional items in the game for role-playing as well as even made sure to add some additional room in the inns so that there would be additional space for gatherings as many players had requested.

We are always open to additional suggestions and feedback though the Suggestion forum is the best place for this.

Keep in mind this is a more complex issue than just simply adding in "x" items. Cosmetic items are great, and they're fun, there is no doubt, but they also take away from development of other gameplay items. We do try to implement items in though whenever we can. It always comes down to trying to make the best of development time and get in all the things we want to get in. There are many facets of the game and as we see on the forums here, there are many different discussions on who gets the most attention, who is developed for most, etc.

Some new things that you'll get to see as a part of the Argent Tournament are things like: Banners for the city you represent, a Squire to hold the banner for you, new shirts Doublets for each of the city factions.

Our world events also try to include new things when possible as well, such as new pets, new clothing items, or fun trinket items.

In the end though, and as much as we might try to add into the game, the RP part has to come from you and is what you make of it. If your portion of the community isn't taking part in RP like you'd like, then work on inspiring them and creating your own events. Keep in mind too that even among RPers there are different things that are considered acceptable or not acceptable. What one person may find humorous another might not. For instance, you felt the April Fools was meant in disrespect, as someone myself that enjoys RP, I found it delightful and so did many others. If it wasn't your taste, that's understandable, but with all of our April Fool's jokes, they are meant simply in fun and not as any insult to any particular group. Source 

Raids & Dungeons
Ulduar-10 Gear - ilvl isn't everything!
Fia, the difference is that ilevel is not everything. The Ulduar 10 hard gear is more optimized. It has more generous splits, better stats and better sockets. Most players would consider those pieces to be an upgrade to the 226 stuff they have on now, but it is going to depend a lot on your individual gear and what stats you need or value. If you want to be confusing, you could call it ilevel 226.5 I guess. In general, there are pieces with very high ilevels that are not upgrades to pieces with lower ilevel. We still want gear to be a choice, and not a situation where ilevel is the only thing you need to factor in. This is actually one of the reasons we are blurring ilevel a little bit and creating items that aren't always a 13 point traditional tier apart. Source 

Hardcore gaming and 10-Man Hard Modes
It is a valid point. However, our contention is that there are a lot more hardcore 25-player guilds than hardcore 10-player guilds so that more players interested in the 10-player version of Sarth +3 were in the former not the latter even accounting for the size difference. In Ulduar, we are hoping to get better data about whether it’s the gear or the player interest that allows the 25-player guilds to do the 10-player hard modes.

[...] We just want to make sure we are offering content players are really going to use in a way we expect them to use it. And by “players" I mean more than a handful. As I mentioned just above, we need to determine if there is really a sizeable audience for 10-player hard modes. Source 

Tanking in Ulduar
We don’t want to make all 4 tanks exactly the same. This is why I shy away from answering questions such as “Should I be within 2% of what another class can do?” It is rarely that simple. It comes down to whether a guild that has a paladin MT feels like it has an excessive handicap. Do good guilds feel like they need to replace their paladin MT in order to progress? I understand that the definitions of “excessive” and “good” in those last two sentences are very important, which is partially why we want to leave them vague. It’s not enough for you to tell us that your guild is going to replace you, because we have no way of knowing if your guild leader knows what they are talking about or if you are a good player or not or ultimately if you are just exaggerating to try and make a point.

To use an example, it felt to us that druids and DKs had an advantage when tanking Sartharion that was unacceptable to us. We wanted that encounter to be experienced more as it was when a warrior or paladin tanked it and plenty of them have. So could warriors tank that encounter? Of course. Was it too much of a burden where we felt guilds might consider replacing their tank? Probably. Does that mean every time a tank is swapped that it’s a problem with the encounter? Of course not. It could just as easily come down to a problem with the group, the players or just personal preference.

Will there be Ulduar fights where some tanks are at too much of a disadvantage? We don’t think so given the PTR testing, but it could certainly happen. And when it does, we’ll respond. We are likely to respond with nerfs since we want the content to be challenging and not trivial, but it depends on the specific situation. Source 

PvP - Battlegrounds
Alterac Valley
There are many updates to the battleground system in the works, but if you expect a major revamp of Alterac Valley, or for us to revert it back to its original form, you might be disappointed. Not everyone is going to be pleased with every aspect of the game, but we're not going to conduct a poll so the most vocal critics of Alterac Valley who frequent the forums can point us backward in development.

You may not enjoy Alterac Valley as it is now. There may be enough people reading these forums right now to cap a thread at 500 posts expressing dissatisfaction with Alterac Valley. That's okay. We're happy with the game play of Warsong, Arathi, and Alterac Valley. We have a few small adjustments being made to Strand of the Ancients in the 3.1. After that we plan to focus on improving the overall battleground system, and release a brand new battleground as well. Source 

 Death Knight 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Mimiron / Hodir and DK Tanking in Ulduar
We don't think Hodir or Mimiron are at that level. But again if we find that DKs or anyone make those fights too easy, then they will be dealt with accordingly and probably in a way that brings many tears. Source 

 Priest 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Power Word: Barrier Scrapped Completely
It hasn't been scrapped completely. The reply probably meant there is almost no way it is going to make it into 3.1 at this point.

Working on an MMO is a little unusual because nothing is ever finished. We have this very, very long list of things we want to do which ranges from "implement this new UI" to "try a boss fight like this" to "make sure warriors can tank content when overgeared." Sometimes that may look to players like we shipped something before it's ready, but from our point of view, there isn't a single thing in the game that cannot be improved, and our wish list is very long. Sometimes getting in something as big as PWB might come at the expense of 10 little things. Sometimes we just run out of time before we've come up with solutions to potential problems. We could delay patches indefinitely in order to literally get everything in, but then, you know, we would be delaying them indefinitely and I mean by years if you look at our wish list.

Things definitely get scrapped with no intention of ever seeing the light of day -- shaman tanks for instance. PWB doesn't fall in that category. Will it be in 3.2 or some future patch or expansion? We can't say with any degree of certainty. It's still a cool idea though. [...] We didn't offer PWB because it was expensive in terms of development time. The difference is we still like the idea of PWB. Source 