Boubouille2009-04-01, 11:38 AMUnder Development: P1mp My Mount!
On this fantastic day of April 1st, Blizzard unveiled the latest addition to World of Warcraft: Pimp My Mount! !
Tired of your mount looking like every other raptor, wolf, horse, kodo, or nightsaber out there? Want to spice it up with some armor plating, a few spikes or chains, or maybe even some flaming decals? Then Z to the A to the zzber whew, that's a mouthful! will be glad to welcome you to his shop where you can epic-ize your mount with some phat total pimpage!

Coming in a future content patch, we plan to bring you a new feature that will allow you to alter the color, the armor, or add decorations to your in-game mounts. Simply drop in to Zazzber's Local Fix-'Er-Up, pay a small fee, and leave your mount there overnight. The next morning, you'll pick up a mount that is uniquely yours! 

The Epic Pimpage
The process of pimping your tired old mount is quite simple. Drop by Zazzber's local Fix-'Er-Up available in Orgrimmar, Ironforge, and Dalaran with a very special PvP-oriented shop over in the phrigid lands of Wintergrasp and talk to our resident mount pimp, Zazzber or his high-tech redneck assistant Janie Sue and, for a small fee, they'll overhaul your hauler, tricking your tired old vehicle out into something worthy of the Achievement "Pimp My Mount." 


 

Still not convinced? Then check out some of our insanely satisfied customized-ers! 


 
[color=#0099FF] It used to be that whenever I rode my horse past the Exodar, the other draenei laughed at me. "Silly girl," they'd say, "get yourself a proper elekk!" But now, thanks to Z-dawg's ultimate pimpage, those other goat-heads all wish their mounts were half as fly as this guy![center]  
[color=#0099FF] The other trolls, mon, used to think I was strange for preferrin' my kodo to a raptor. But then my main man, Z, hooked me up with some upgrades to my sleek ride. I've got some shade even under the blazin' beach sun over in Stranglethorn and my kodo? He's pimpin' it out with his superfly hat!


 
Maybe coming back from the dead changed me; I'll never know for sure. But all I know is that I've always loved my kitty-cat. Sure, the other death knights thought it was a little silly but now I fire up my cat's phat nitro-boosters and blast those death knights on dead horses out of this life!