Boubouille2009-05-16, 03:51 AMStars Taiwan beats Mimiron in Hard Mode
The World 2nd Kill of Mimiron in hard mode didn't come from Europe or United States but from ... Taiwan! Stars  TW - Crystalspine Stinger was the 2nd guild after Ensidia  to get the Heroic: Firefighter  achievement, according to reports they spent the last weeks spending most of their time working on this encounter and this is definitely a well deserved kill. Congratulations to them.


 

Battle-Bot is an US-Only Pet?
Earlier this month I posted the models of new Battle-Bots introduced with Patch 3.1.2. 

Battle-Bot - Right Click to summon and dismiss your Battle-Bot
Blue Battle Fuel - Fill up your Battle-Bot with blue fuel.
Red Battle Fuel - Fill up your Battle-Bot with red fuel.


 

The drop location of this new pet was unknown until a few hours ago, when the Mountain Dew Game Fuel  site went live. Yup, this pet will most likely be rewarded by the tokens earned on this promotional site and you have to be a legal US. citizen to participate. Even if it wouldn't be hard to cheat by entering false information just to get a WoW pet code I don't think that the NPCs to redeem this code will be available on EU servers anyway, it's probably worth trying but don't get your hopes too high if you're outside the US. 

Even if the pet itself isn't confirmed as a reward, the two different colors of fuel and the mention of a WoW pet in the FAQ doesn't leave us with a lot of doubt. This isn't the first promotional event with a pet reward and Blizzard already held similar contests in China. 

US Players who are interested in the pet can register on Mountain Dew Game Fuel  to get a chance to win this pet. 


 

Blue posts
Vault of Archavon too easy?
We want the bosses in the Vault of Archavon to be doable by a wide variety of players and that includes pugs. Because of the way Lake Wintergrasp works we want access to these bosses to be the reward and don't want to block players from having access to them and able to defeat them. 

Random drops in VoA
Yeah, some players can get lucky and get everything in 1-2 weeks, some others get none in 2-3 months. So far we have liked how the system has worked with a couple random pieces dropping that get spread out among a lot of players. How your guild loot system works is up to you, but I know some players adapt it to these new bosses. If you know the items that can drop from these bosses, you can focus on the other ones first and get these later. Source 

[...] I know it's hard to have every class and a wide variety of specs for these bosses, but all it takes is one person already having the item and it gets wasted anyway. We have liked how this is working so far and have no plans to change anything. Source 

Engineering stealth detection nerf - What about the human racial?
The human racial is still a potential source of concern. We thought the engineering problem was worse because players felt compelled to drop their current profession and grind out engineering just for PvP. While that does happen in extreme cases to races too, you give up so much progress on your current character to reroll that the racial has to be quite overpowered to make that trade worth it. It's a bigger concern on something like the tournament realms where players can change their race easily.

Like I said though, we did a lot of work on racials for 3.0, but that doesn't mean they are completely finished and polished as a feature. Source 

Armor Penetration Rating
We made armor pen a better stat in a previous patch. I am fairly confident that many of the posts above decrying this as a nerf are over-estimating how close to removing more than 100% armor you really were. Even if you have two armor pen trinkets and they both proc simultaneously, that is going to be very low uptime. This is not a nerf. It's a preventative measure to keep things from breaking at future tiers of gear or in really exotic situations. Source 

Armor Penetration Rating DPS Increase
Yes. Even against a fully sundered target, armor pen will still improve your dps. For nearly all reasonable cases, it remains a good stat unless you are a class or spec that does a high amount of non-physical damage. The cases were you could currently go negative are very contrived and involved stacking armor pen at the expense of all other stats and hoping your procs all go off at once. We can’t imagine this will be a nerf for anyone currently in the game.

 Death Knight 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Glyph of Icebound Fortitude bug
There is a bug with this glyph that makes it more effective than intended. The current glyph is basically for PvP situations because it gives you an IBF as if you had a lot of defense, which you probably don't in PvP. It was not intended as a tanking glyph. However there is a bug which makes the glyph better than it should be for PvE DK tanks. We wanted to let you know that we will be hotfixing that bug. If you were considering running out to buy the glyph for tanking purposes you should probably reconsider.

If you don't have the IBF glyph now, this change won't affect you. If you are a PvP DK with this glyph, the change probably won't affect you. Source 

 Druid 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Starfall
Our two cents is you are working too hard to define Starfall. Many of these threads are of the category of "It behaves like an AE therefore it should also behave like this...". It's a unique spell. It has qualities of AE spells and dots. It's better against small groups than individuals or large groups. It doesn't have to be channeled. It finds targets for its damage. In this case, my suggestion would be to focus more on whether the spell is effective or not and not whether it "breaks the rules."

We think the spell is effective, though it does require a certain amount of finesse to use meaning you need to use it at the right time. We will acknowledge that Balance isn't quite there yet as a PvP spec, but we don't think Starfall is necessarily the problem or the solution. Source 

 Hunter 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Hunters in Ulduar
Just to clarify, we have no plans to nerf Survival. We would like to solve some of Marks' mana problems, though some predictions remain that Marks will overtake Survival with the best possible gear. BM is probably a little behind, which is something we also want to address.

I will add my standard caveat not to try and overinterpret Ulduar data. The bosses were designed to be very different from each other. We didn't go boss by boss and say "Okay, this is the one where warlocks will be highest." Put another way, when we make single boss raids, we don't expect to see a 10-way tie for dps. I'm not saying the PvE damage is perfect though compared to where it's been historically it's honestly not bad. You just have to examine things on a case by case basis and not just link wowmetersonline as conclusive proof that things are off. Take a fight like XT -- it's an almost perfect situation for rogues, while hunters are often asked to help deal with adds. It shouldn't be too surprising that rogue numbers come out very high for that fight. Kologarn and Mimiron are rough on pets. Source 

 Paladin 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Another tanking cooldown
We're not going to give paladins a warmed over version of Last Stand. We do recognize that they need another cooldown. Our plan is for something slightly different. Source 

 Warrior 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Armor Penetration Rating
Stacking armor pen at the expense of all other stats is not a reasonable or intended way for warriors to “catch up” to rogues. It’s still a good stat for warriors. Source 