Boubouille2009-04-11, 02:22 PMPatch 3.1 - Professions Reagents Changes
Instead of a compilation of past changes already posted here, I think we have something new today. I didn't really do reagents change lately because of tons of reasons but they are now back on the site! A lot of professions had the reagents requirements of low-level recipes lowered or changed to match the latest changes in the game. Drops from "old" dungeons removed, etc ... 


 


Blue posts
Blizzcon Ticket Sales
No dates for ticket sales as of yet. We'll be doing our best to allow for plenty of time to purchase and make your arrangements to come though. Source 

Splitting official roles forums in PvP/PvE sub-forums
We have to consider the ramifications that a change to one aspect of the game has on the other, so as long as you want to participate in class mechanics discussions, you need to do the same.

Part of the motivation for pooling multiple classes into one role forum is so players would have to actually defend their claims in an audience that consisted of more than just their own class cheering for any calls for buffs. The same is true of PvE vs. PvP. Our concern is that if we had a PvE only forum, players would say things like "Just change this ability. I don't care if it ruins PvP because I hate PvP," and then chasing anyone out of the forum who defended PvP because "This is the PvE forum! Go away!" 

We realize the discussions in the role forums can be heated, because to some extent we are inviting players to disagree on complex topics or defend their own class in the face of "Nerf the OP class" calls. We'll try to keep the actual trolls at bay. Source 

Achievements
Algalon Achievements Title Rewards Link 
There are some changes planned to how these achievements will work/be worded, not sure when the changes will happen though. Source 

Removing the Immortal achievement from Glory of the Raider
No plans to do this at this time. The "immortal" style achievement from Ulduar has changed a bit, but that is part of a new/separate meta-achievement. Source 

Raids & Dungeons
Algalon feeds on your tears
I may regret saying this, but it is hard. If Sarth +3 was too much for you, then you probably want to steer clear of the hard modes and Mr. Algalon. The achievement is called "He feeds on your tears" for a reason. Source 

Sartharion Speed Kills See this news 
Those speed kills are normally the kind of thing we would fix in some way or another because those cross the line in our opinion. It's a subjective line though, and we don't always want to stomp on every creative solution that players come up with. In this case, so many groups already had Sarth on farm and the solution would have involved hitting group dps pretty severely that a quick fix didn't feel warranted. If say that was the solution that players came up with to deal with Algalon within the time-frame where only a guild or so per server had beaten him, then we'd probably have been more reactive. Source 

10-Man raiding in Ulduar
There are groups of players who just prefer to run smaller raids. I don't know off the top of my head how many, if any, exist on your server. They do exist. You can't always assume they are small guilds. Sometimes they are large guilds of more casual players with only a few raiders. It varies. What happened in LK is a lot of these players who remember prefered to do 10-player content just gave up and joined 25-player pugs because those were easier and provided better loot. For Ulduar, we predict they will have more motivation to do the 10-player version because the 25-player version is going to be more challenging. They might join a pug, wipe a lot, and remember why they prefer to run smaller raids with friends. Source 

Raid stacking
Raid stacking is not a strategy at all we want to prop up. However it's tricky. At some point if you take steps to prohibit raid stacking, then what you are really doing is saying: you will be punished for taking more than 1 of each spec or whatever, and at that point you are limiting flexibility just as much as if you were encouraging raid stacking. We want you to be able to take your friends or at least the people you want to raid with even if you're uber hardcore and don't care if they're your friends or not. We don't want you to have to kick loyal and skilled players just because Jimmy the idiot shaman / paladin / DK / whatever brings better buffs or utility for that fight.

Now some groups will swap out players for each boss. That's just what they do. The same guilds might respec or regem for every boss, and there are even cases of groups that picked up Leatherworking for drums with the frequency most sane people would change specs. I'm not exaggerating. Again, we aren't going to come down hard on groups that do this. We just don't want it to be the only way you feel you can experience the hard mode content. Source 

Resistance-based encounters and farming
Resistance fights are still around in a way Sapphiron. We wanted to get away from the necessity of making a gear set to make any decent attempt at a boss and instead focus more on the encounter itself challenging players and not a resistance cap being the challenge. While putting the frost resistance on for Sapphiron helps, especially early on when progression through the dungeon, we didn't want it to be 100% needed in all attempts.

And before you say it, yeah yeah, Sapphiron/Naxx wasn't hard, but we like this design layout better than the bag stuffing necessity version that was Huhuran. Source 

[...] We have made a number of changes in the preparation area that minimize the need to farm for additional consumable buffs. Farming mats for several days outside of raid days wasn't really fun for anybody to my knowledge, and it forced us to design the encounters around having those buffs so if you didn't farm the mats you were in a tough position. It is possible we will add more Sapphiron-like resistance fights in the future where it helps to have the pieces, but the pieces will likely be more like the current frost resist pieces instead of an entire set of random "garbage" pieces that you keep in your bank for a year.

I will admit you are one of the first people I have heard about enjoying farming all the random pieces of resist gear from the old fights, but if you feel the raiding is being too easy, we have covered that in how Naxx was meant to be accessible but we probably made it too easy overall and want to change that a bit in Ulduar.

[...] It tends to not be a lot of fun when players' have to have their stats all nerfed a bunch just to be able to survive an attempt in a resistance fight. We would rather avoid a situation like this and make it so the encounter itself is what is challenging. Source 

Engineering
Engineering "10-second DPS burst" cooldown
We took a look at some of the Engineering items and generally speaking we believe you need to be able to couple “on use” items with your own abilities, otherwise they have to be better than your normal abilities to ever be worth the GCD which is a direction we didn't want to go. So to keep players from stacking a whole bunch of them at once, we implemented a shared cooldown for them so you can use one of these burst items at a time, not several at once, while mixing them with your abilities for the best impact. Source 

Hand-Mounted Pyro Rocket
The plan is to take them off the GCD in 3.1 along with a damage increase and shorter cooldown 45s instead of 1 min. Source 

Classes
Tanking skill spamming
Heroic Strike/Rune Strike/Maul - Why not just make these skills toggled? It's a stupid mechanic to have to spam a button at the speed of light. It'd work perfect too, just un-toggle it if you're starved for rage/RP 
Toggle is kind of a weird mechanic. It might do the job, but it's not something we do often in the game.

One idea that we might explore a little more is that the threat and damage? done is modified by the amount of rage / runic power you have. So imagine if your bar is low, you can SPAM HS / RS / Maul for threat if you need it. But once your bar is high, you generate so much threat with a single hit that you don't need to spam it. I'm not talking about draining the bar as in Execute. This might also allow us to change it from a next-swing to just a normal attack so that sometimes another button is better.

This is all hand wavy stuff at this point. I'm not sure the numbers would work out correctly. It could just be that more threat is always better so that you spam HS at low rage and spam HS at high rage. That might get us more into the realm of having the cost increase, so that it uses more rage the more you have, but translates that into more threat "Heroic Execute". Aside from potential confusion about how much the ability would cost, Heroic Strike itself is extra complicated because it is used by dps warriors as well.

In any case, we would like to improve how spammy and mandatory these abilities feel, but we need to find a way to fix them that still lets them do their job transfering extra resources, which you presumably have more of when getting hit, into threat. Source 

Non-Plate healers in Arenas
You mean except for the priests in RMP? Many players think Resto shamans are fine, and will be better once DKs and paladins are brought down a little. That leaves Resto druids. We didn't give them many buffs, but we gave them some, and losing JoJ's range and Blood Plague's hot removal is a huge net buff to them. Source 

 Death Knight 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Anti-Magic Shield
I'll be honest, we are trying to find the right number here that lets the ability AMS be useful in PvE without being OP and lets it be useful in PvP without being underpowered.

If we think DKs are still able to make some boss encounters too trivial, this is likely one of the first things we will hit again. Source 

 Paladin 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Blessing of Sanctuary - 3.1 Clarification
Blessing of Sanctuary still reduces damage taken. The change that was made was that it no longer restores rage, runic power, or energy. Source 

 Shaman 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Chain Lightning in 3.1
We aren't changing Chain Lightning for 3.1. We originally wanted to make CL more clearly an AE spell, which meant improving the number of targets. But we think it has a decent niche as is. There are bigger fish to fry.

[...] CL has a shorter cast time, so it's fun for some shamans at least to try and use it to fill in short gaps based on haste, procs, movement, etc. even on single targets. Being able to mix and match LB and CL the right way is one manner in which great Elementals can distinguish themselves from good Elementals.

After doing some more research, confab'ing with some pro shamans, and reading lots of forum posts, we decided this was probably a sufficient niche for CL and trying to push it into a purely AE role would mean a loss of fun for some shamans. The cost didn't seem worth the beneft any longer so we scrapped the plan. You can chalk this up to an example where your feedback counted in making that call.

An alternative is something like encouraging more Flame Shocks after Lava Bursts or whatever to try and make the rotation more interesting. That's not something we're going to mess with for 3.1 but might be something to consider in the future. Source 

AoE Capability and Magma Totem
We think it's close enough. You have to run up and plant a totem, but then it is doing damage while you are casting something else. Totem of Wrath is a good buff, but when you're in an AE situation, the contribution of Magma totem is probably going to account for more.

We aren't trying to make sure everyone does the exact same AE damage, because realistically we don't think optimizing your group or raid around maximum AE damage is worth it. We don't think most groups will say "Nah, let's bring the mage, because their AE is so much better." We just don't want you to feel like a liability when the rest of the group is doing AE. Source 

 Mage 3.1 Skills  / 3.1 Talent Calc  /  Warlock 3.1 Skills  / 3.1 Talent Calc 
Warlock vs. Mage
I think the OPs original point about how close the mage and warlock are in the design space down to using similar gear was the most interesting. After that the discussion kind of wandered into the same kinds of threads we have seen a lot of lately.

We don't think mages are in any realistic danger of losing spots to warlocks. If we're really down in the realm of "They'll bring the other guy because his debuff is easier to apply" then I think there are probably other things you can do to make yourself a valuable member of your group.

We don't think mages and warlocks are in any danger of losing their spots to evil hybrids. Groups that run with all hybrids are most likely going to have lower dps though not as low as if they had brought all hybrids during BC.

We think mage and warlock dps are pretty comparable. Again, close enough that things like boss, gear, skill, luck and even lag are probably going to have more of an impact on the numbers you come up with than the base numbers in the spells and talents alone.

Things may work out different in Ulduar for one reason or another. Maybe players develop a new rotation that bumps their dps more than the ones currently being used. Maybe someone comes up with a glyph - trinket combo that does amazing things. Maybe the specific items that drop in Ulduar do more than the test shirts players had on the PTR. If any of that leads to what we think are bad outcomes, then we will adjust accordingly. Source 

 Warrior 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Fury warrior hit rating in 3.1
We do sort of like the idea of giving different melee classes and specializations different ways of building expertise, whether through talents or gear. It is something we'll be watching very closely though, particularly with regard to Fury warriors once 3.1 hits the live realms.

If it ends up feeling like a lack of passive expertise in the Fury tree is causing Fury warrior DPS to suffer even when appropriately geared, we won't shy away from reevaluating the way the tree is set up. Source 

Warrior changes in 3.1
Shattering Throw and the new Overpower mechanic are fairly significant changes. We tried to introduce them in a relatively conservative manner and if they seem to work out okay, we would consider adjusting cooldowns, cast times, etc. Overpower shouldn’t feel like an RNG proc if you get the proper talents in Arms. Source 

Stance dancing
Changing stances is a core mechanic for warriors and it isn’t our goal to let you just stay in one stance all of the time for all of your needs, especially in PvP. Source 

Shield required to cast skills
We also like requiring shields for some abilities because it sends a clear visual message to other players of your intent, example: Spell Reflect. Source 