Boubouille2009-05-02, 04:49 AMAlgalon Loot Table Update
I'm sure mages will be happy with this update, a new ulduar drop was discovered .... this time from Algalon! This dagger is also one of the nicest weapons available in Ulduar at least, in my opinion. Once again, the socket bonus is missing and this is a known bug. 


 

I also added 
Legplates of the Endless Void /i/n/09/03/9722/loot_9722_92.jpg to his loot list. I know this item was discovered on PTRs and shouldn't be from Algalon but it was actually discovered when a GM summoned multiple tanking items on the test servers and weren't from boss kills. Its name and ilvl definitely points to Algalon, especially now that all the hard mode drops are known. 
Algalon the Observer 
Hard Mode Gear List 

Blue posts
Speeding up leveling
We have made changes to the leveling process in the past that made it go faster. If we feel the need to speed this up again, we will go back and review it. Just don't expect this to happen overnight as a lot of things have to be taken into consideration, we don't want to effectively just delete a zone and put an NPC there that gives you 5 levels as a quest reward so you can go to the next zone - there still needs to be a play experience. Source 

Children's Week
Daily Chores  changes
The Children's Week achievement "Daily Chores" has been slightly altered from the text you will see in the achievement window. It now requires simply that you complete 5 daily quests with your orphan out. There is no longer an extra step in doing things over consecutive days. Source 

School of Hard Knocks 
Your choice of options for those that designed this achievement are somewhat stilted. We hear your frustration and, well, we understand. Unfortunately, this achievement is not meant to be "super easy". It's something you have to ... what is the word... achieve. There are certain other achievements in this particular world event that are very simple and that's fine, but not all achievements are supposed to be on that level. It just so happens that this one in particular isn’t meant to be a super-easy achievement.

Does that mean it’s unduly hard? Not at all. I’ve completed this achievement on one character and almost completed it with another I just need to cap the flag in EotS. I know other people who are having a harder time of it, but they see the achievement becoming more accessible throughout the week. Perhaps if this was Children’s "Day", this particular achievement may be very difficult, but spread over a week, it’s truly very accessible. Try simply setting a goal to get one portion of it done every day. Or organize a group of friends with the same goal to further this achievement. Source 

Argent Tournament
New Argent Tournament Mounts
The ones at the tournament in game currently are utilizing textures for the mounts that had not previously been in game in a player-attainable state. They're great for variety and we're glad to get those looks out there, but they're not quite right for a tournament of mounted combat where the riders are representing their cities and nations.

The mount appearances going into the game for 3.1.2 are not necessarily meant to be mind-blowing or "better" than the mounts you have; they are meant to sport the colors and symbols of their factions. For some of them, that means they'll be similar to others, though not the same. The Dawnsaber is lovely, but it isn't very Darnassian in theme. Source 

Public Test Realms
Premade Death Knights - Please Read
Premade Death Knights are not setup with the Death Gate spell, and do not have all the starting quests completed. Because of this, if you hearth to the Death Knight starting zone, you won't be able to get out.

If you create a premade Death Knight, please do not hearth to the starting zone. If you get stuck there, you may need to create a new character. Source 

Player vs. Player
Crowd Control in PvP
Crowd control abilities are part of WoW. I am a little surprised this would come as news to anyone. You seem to use as an underlying assumption for your arguments that "All players agree that crowd control shouldn't be a big part of PvP," which I'm not buying.

Too much crowd control is not fun. Too much burst is not fun. Too many short fights are not fun. Too many long fights are not fun. We need to strike a balance in between these extremes. Where you would prefer for that balance to lie may not be where other players, or the developers, want that point to be.

If you don't like being CC'd and want another opportunity to get out of them, use your PvP trinket. That is why those items are good items. If you can't afford to give up the trinket slot for a CC break, then don't use it. In my experience most players use them. We're not going to nerf the items just because they are good items that most players use. Source 

Raids & Dungeons
Val'anyr proc to be clarified soon
Since everyone has now seen the tooltip but not the proc in action, we can understand how the potential for guild drama exists in deciding who gets the righteous hammer.

We'll go ahead and explain exactly how it works. Just give us a couple of days to get some text together. Source 

Emalon Hotfixes
Keep in mind we recently changed the total health of the adds that get the overcharge on Emalon. While it hasn't been live for long, it makes the encounter much more doable for a wider range of dps as long as they are able to learn the strategy properly. Source 

Recent Ulduar Nerfs
With that said, I think our views on raid content are at odds. If you're having difficulty comparing the raid content of Wrath to the raid content of Burning Crusade, it's because our philosophy changed a little bit. You say Ulduar's difficulty is supposed to be on par with SSC and TK, but that's not really true. The primary goal in this expansion -- and the reason we've implemented 10/25-player, and hard modes -- is to give as many people access to the raid content as possible. Just given the nature of raid dungeons, so many resources need to be poured into making them, from art, design, and story boarding, to programming and testing. It's a very intensive process and we want our players to experience the end result.

For this reason we're continuing with the philosophy that pick-up groups should have some level of success when raiding. Coordination and effort will still be necessary, as will the appropriate level of gear; but we don't want capable groups hitting brick walls, at least not within the first few boss encounters of Ulduar.

The difference in difficulty between 10-player and 25-player modes should also be fairly minimal. The distinction here is between the guilds that might not have the resources to more-than-double the size of their raid. 25-player content should be more difficult, but only incrementally. You'll find all the brick walls and incredibly challenging encounters in hard modes, and they're worth the effort and status for the experienced raiders.

I hope you don't take any of this to mean we expect anyone to waltz through Ulduar. That's not necessarily the case. You still need to know what you're doing and be appropriately geared for the fights. Even so, we want to get players in the door and have them feeling a natural, though slight progression in difficulty with each boss encountered.

When it comes to nerfing difficulty, we do intentionally tend to slightly over-tune things at the start. Our goal is to watch players of all levels of skill attempt each encounter, and then adjust the encounters according to the percentage of raids we expect to be killing specific bosses. While some may see this as us giving content to be people who don't deserve it, we feel it's a lot better than taking away content if we were, say, to make encounters too easy from the start and then buff them up after the fact.

The days of a marginal amount of players having a go at our raid dungeons are mostly over. We're continuing to brain storm ideas to keep the most-skilled raiders feeling challenged and rewarded, but we're going to continue ensuring that smaller guilds and players who haven't as much time to play each week get a reasonable chance to progress in each Wrath raid dungeon released. Source 


Classes
 Druid /  Rogue 
Blind and Cyclone not sharing the same Diminishing Returns anymore
Crowd control is a big part of PvP, but we often have to take steps to make sure it doesn't become too big a part. Where things get out of control sometimes is when teams can chain CCs with different diminishing returns together to keep an opponent locked down for an unreasonable amount of time. Rogues have a lot of different forms of crowd control. This change was to make stringing many of them together with a partner a little less powerful. More classes have access to fears than cyclones, so we thought this change would make chaining CC with a fear less powerful.

We realize there were several different ways we could have handled this and we don't expect that our solution is necessarily the one each of you would have picked had you been in our shoes.

We also realize there is a risk here of making rogue - druid combos too powerful. The druid class has changed enough that we don't think we'll see the problems we had with them in previous seasons, but it's certainly something to keep an eye on. Source 

Druid / Rogue in Arenas
Currently, druid/rogue based teams in 2s and 3s aren't being seen very much compared to other compositions. If the druid/rogue based teams actually overtake how much we currently see priest/rogue teams then I'll agree the change was faulty.

However, while we fully expect druid/rogue teams to show up more often than they are now I'll be pretty surprised if they actually catch up to the priest/rogue numbers we're seeing right now. As long as the druid/rogue based comps peak out below the current priest/rogue groups, then it will have been a net improvement. Of course, if druid/rogue does turn out to be a serious balance problem, then we'll do something about it. 

[...] That could prove true, but I'd rather let it ride for some amount of time before doing something as significant as putting Cyclone on the Fear DR. It may end up being necessary though. Source 

 Druid 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Innervate changes in 3.1.2
I posted a similar response in the damage forums, but in a nutshell:

Pros - Much more mana for PvP druids, Doesn't give too much mana in PvE, Worth using Innervate on paladins, shamans and other non-Spirit based casters, Scales with level
Cons - Doesn't scale with gear

But we don't necessarily want it to scale with gear, since that gets us back in the problem of being too good for PvE druids regen stats are much lower on PvP gear. Furthermore, unless your mana pool grows from the 20s to the 40s by Icecrown unlikely, you're really going to be off by only a few K mana even at max gear. Furthermore, several mana-return abilities don't scale well with gear. 

Wouldn't it be better to just make it a percentage of our total mana or target's total mana rather then base?
Not in this case. That is a great solution for some problems in the game, but it doesn't solve the problem here. 

We don't want Innervate to give say 5000 mana to druids in a PvP situation and 25,000 mana to raid-buffed druids I'm picking extreme numbers to help make the point. Mana is already too scarce in PvP little Spirit on gear, fewer buffs and fine in PvE or honestly, perhaps still too abundant. A flat number in this case does exactly what we want it to do.

We don't think the lack of scaling at level 80 is going to be any kind of problem unless we introduced say 5 more tiers of content without also bumping the level cap. We aren't going to do that.

Lack of scaling is not something to be avoided at all costs. It is only important when it actually matters. If Innervate fails to scale when you have 60,000 mana at level 80, then it isn't an issue because that situation will never come up. Source 

Innervate scaling
Innervate is a situational spell, one that you use once or twice an encounter at most and often times not even on you. Do you or do you even want to really stack Spirit just for that? Spirit is not something PvP druids have in abundance, so we didn't think it made a lot of sense for PvE druids to just be that much better at Innervating. We also don't think Innervate needs to scale super well at max level. Your spells are already going to hit for more or heal for more and your mana pool is going to be bigger. Being able to also fill that pool every 6 minutes more optimally as you increase in gear doesn't feel like a big deal. Is 15K mana awesome at level 80 in blues? Yes. It is somehow less awesome at level 80 in Ulduar hard mode gear? Just slightly. 

[...] It is important to the game that some things scale with gear. We're not convinced Innervate needs to be one of them. It will scale with level since your base mana changes when you level. Not that anyone needs to be worried about that for the next few patches. Source 

Moonkin T8 4pieces bonus changed in 3.1.2
We aren't taking Spirit off of gear. It's a stat in the game and we need to use it. "Sub-optimal" is not the same as "worthless." Spirit on plate is worthless. We did improve the set bonus by quite a bit, and we are considering increasing the amount of spellpower provided by Improved Moonkin Form.

Long term we would still like to evaluate whether we're happy with there being so much crossover of Int becoming a mana regen stat and Spirit becoming a dps stat. Source 

Spirit and Balance spec
Spirit isn't an attractive enough stat for Balance druids. That's a problem, but Innervate is not a great solution to that problem. As I said in a previous post, it's more like int and crit become great regen stats for Balance, which then leaves spirit to become a damage stat... which you have to admit is a little weird. That said, we may still boost it for Balance in the near term. 

[...] Making Improved Moonkin Form grant 30% Spirit to spellpower instead of 15% is the kind of thing that would make Spirit a more attractive stat. Source 

 Priest 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
3.1.2 Penance Glyph changes to be removed
We're going to remove the Pennance glyph change from patch 3.1.2. We feel that particular change shouldn't be necessary anymore. Source 

 Warlock 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Warlock changes on PTRs
1 The changes to Fire and Brimstone are intended as a buff. We implied before that we wanted to buff Destro PvE to make up for the Conflag nerf a couple of weeks ago, which was mostly for PvP reasons. This is that buff.

2 The Conflag glyph does require a little more attention. It does consume Immolate once again. I mentioned in a previous post that the glyph was working at cross-purposes to the rest of the Destro tree. Essentially, if you Conflag when Immolate is about to expire, you get a self-buff which makes your next 3 Destro spells do more damage. More than likely in the sense that you probably have this talent this has also proc'd Backdraft for you as well, so those spells also cast faster.

3 You might want to use one of those procs to get Immolate up again. However since Backdraft now lowers the GCD of the spell as well, we don't see this as a huge sacrifice compared to how the talent originally worked. Source  

3.1.2 Conflagration changes
[...] We nerfed Conflag because it did too much damage in PvP. Adding the damage back through Incinerate should buff PvE damage without buffing PvP damage.

We understand that the 5 sec window or consuming the Immolate might be too much to ask for a PvP Destro lock or even a PvE one trying to handle complex encounters in Ulduar with a lot of movement. This is one of the reasons we wanted to get these changes up on the PTR where the community could test and respond to them versus just hotfixing them all in with relatively little discussion. Source 

Conflagrate Glyph changes in 3.1.2
We think at this point we might leave the glyph as it is on live doesn't consume the Immolate, but we may still iterate some on the design on the PTR. Let us know if you actually get on and try it out. Source 

Incinerate
[...] Incinerate's current damage bonus is not flat. It literally takes the damage done, multiplies that by 25% if Immolate is present, and adds it to the base damage. The talent changes that bonus from 25% to 55% plus 30%. Source 

Immolate bugs on PTRs
Some players are reporting a bug on the PTR with Immolate not scaling correctly with spell power which will also affect Conflagrate. We're looking into it. We don't think this will affect the live version of the spells. Source 