Boubouille2009-05-05, 03:43 AMRecent In-Game Fixes - 05/04
The NPCs just inside the front entrance of Ulduar like a repair ogre should no longer despawn.
The Druid Tier 8 Nightsong Battlegear 4 piece bonus should now properly extend the length of Savage Roar.
The Auriaya encounter has received the following changes: The range of Savage Pounce has been slightly reduced, the impact and periodic damage has been reduced in Heroic difficulty, the Guardian Swarm ability now summons 10 Swarming Guardians instead of 25 but their individual damage has been increased.
The reflected damage done by Elder Stonebark with his Petrified Bark ability has been significantly reduced.
In the Hodir encounter, the time to complete the hard mode has been increased to 3 minutes. This will be applied during maintenance beginning with North America on Tuesday May 5.
The health of the Heart of the Deconstructor in the XT-002 Deconstructor encounter has been reduced.
In the Thorim encounter, the Iron Ring Guard’s Whirling Trip ability will now only hit the tank.
In the Assembly of Iron encounter, the duration of Overwhelming Power has been increased to 30 seconds in heroic mode and the amount of healing that Steelbreaker receives from Electrical Charge has been reduced to 20% of his max health.
The first pack of trash mobs in the Conservatory of Life has been removed, one of the trash packs in the General Vezax room has been removed, all of the humanoids in General Vezax’s room are no longer immune to stuns, the Faceless Horrors will only go immune and summon Void Beasts once instead of 3 times, and the damage done when a Clockwork Sapper explodes has been significantly reduced.

MLG Announces MLG Voice
As some of you might know, Major League Gaming is the parent company of MMO-Champion and that's why I would like to talk about a new service we're launching: MLG Voice http://www.mlgvoice.com/.

"As a part of MLG's continuing growth and expansion, we're happy to present our newest product, MLG Voice http://www.mlgvoice.com/. PC gamers -- this one is for you. MLG Voice is a partnership with NationVoice, a leader in Voice Over IP Ventrillo servers. Whether you're a World of Warcraft player looking to break into the competitive scene, or a hardcore raider looking to take down some of the toughest challenges the game has to offer, MLG Voice is for you. Check out MLGVoice.com for more details, as well as pricing and purchase information. "


http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/news/2009/may/mlgvoice.jpg http://www.mlgvoice.com