Boubouille2009-04-30, 05:44 AMRecent In-Game Fixes - 04/29
Keep in mind that some of these changes my require the realm to be restarted to take effect. 

Fixed an issue where Mimiron could randomly change targets while casting P3Wx2 Laser Barrage in phase 4. It is still possible for it to appear that he is turning quickly for an instant to shoot another direction, but this is just a visual bug that will be resolved in a future patch.
The Auriaya encounter has received the following changes: the damage of Strength of the Pack has been increased, the duration of Terrifying Screech has been reduced, the damage of Sonic Screech has been reduced, and the damage from Seeping Feral Essence has been reduced.

Blue posts
Argent Tournament Champion's Seals
The current plan is to add more ways to get champion seals in future patch. How many? Even we aren't sure at this time. Yes, it takes a lot of seals to collect everything, but we are okay with that as players will prioritize what they want to get so not everybody will have everything in one month and players who want everything will be able to get it all... eventually. Source 

Fishing - Monsterbelly Appetite  daily quest
Last time I did this I didn't hit any fishing node and it took me about 5 casts. Currently we are okay with the number of casts it takes to complete the Terrorfish fishing daily which tends to take me a lot longer, so the monsterbelly one is fine. The fishing daily requires fishing time. 

[...] The character I do these on is maxed and gets no gray items and the fishing dailies are done fairly quickly - I think the longest any of them have taken and I have done them every day is like 25 casts and that was for the Terrorfish. I would say to keep working on leveling your fishing and it should get faster over time. Source 

Ulduar Nerfs
Daelo summed it up pretty well in his post on the Raid and Dungeon forum: "We want to allow additional players to experience more of the cool Ulduar content."

We want dungeons, including Ulduar, to be accessible for players. If everything is difficult then few players will experience the content that we have been working on for several months now. At the same time a lot of the hard modes have been increased in difficulty to give players something more challenging to work toward. 

10-Man Ulduar Difficulty
It was to provide another progression path for players who aren't interested in trying to find a bigger group to run with. A lot of players have just enough friends online to fit into a 10 player group and we didn't want to force the need to get another 15 players to see the raid content as we want it to be more accessible.

Yes, the 10 player raids are meant to be a bit easier, but they are still challenging and not meant to just be the easy mode that people close their eyes and walk through. Source 