Boubouille2009-05-13, 02:40 AMRecent In-Game Fixes - 05/13
5/13/09
If a pet dies from Overwhelming Power on Steelbreaker in Ulduar, Steelbreaker will gain an Electrical Charge.
The Doomguard’s ability Cripple now reduces ranged and melee attack speed by 20% instead of 45%. Cripple's slowing effect does not stack with other slowing effects such as Thunderclap and Infected Wounds.
Thorim's Unbalancing Strike ability will now be used at more consistent intervals. 

 Lightning Overload buff hotfix
We are concerned that Elemental shaman dps is a little low in patch 3.1. We are going to hotfix an improved chance for the Lightning Overload talent to cast the half-damage Lightning Bolt or Chain Lightning. This hotfix should go in sometime over the next couple of days. The talent currently has a 7 / 13 / 20% chance to proc. The new change will be an 11 / 22 / 33% chance to proc.

We think this will provide a roughly 5% dps increase for say the raid-buffed level 80 Elemental shaman, but we will closely monitor the damage being done after this change. Note that the tooltip of the talent will not change from this hotfix – the talent will proc 33% of the time with 3 ranks, even though the tooltip says 20%. We will get the tooltip updated in a future client patch. 

Blue posts
Blizzard's new MMO
We have nothing to advertise for the new MMO because it's a shell of a game thus far. We've already stated it'll be a brand new franchise, which means the lore, art, and game play are being developed entirely from scratch. It's an overwhelming process, but a process through which we excel. Our track record supports this. Source 

ETA on new Blizzard games
Games take years to develop from concept to release. Diablo III was in the works for years before being announced. StarCraft II was announced two years ago and isn't even in Beta yet. Source 

Blizzcon
Blizzcon Pet - Murky the Marine Murloc
Keep in mind that the items aren't meant to be something that gives any advantage in the game, but something fun and unique to thank our players for coming or watching BlizzCon.

Players have brought up the idea of making the online and personal attending things different, but this would also create a bigger desire for people who just want to get the goodie bag and reselling the item to buy the tickets because that would be the "special" one. Source 

Test Realms
Death Knight Premades
Players who create a new premade Death Knight character should now have the spell Death Gate in there spellbook. For players who have previously created Death Knights, a trainer will be available in Dalaran to facilitate respeccing. [...] There is now a Death Knight trainer available in Dalaran's Runeweaver Square. This is for players that copied a premade Death Knight, so that they can re-talent without getting stuck in their starting zone. Source 

Achievements
"What A Long, Strange Trip It's Been" difficulty
I don't see how either of these aspects act as examples for your claim. Children's Week is an optional, fun holiday event. Now, if you want a flying mount that's faster than what the overwhelming majority of players have, sure, you might have to remain vigilant and committed to the holiday achievements. Even at that, we're talking mere hours of commitment for most each holiday. Source 

Player vs. Player
Arena Balance
Ultimately, we just want 2s, 3s and 5s to all feel valid. We think recently there has been a trend among players to say essentially that only 2s matter. We don't really want that to be the way Arenas feel.

The original comment I made was that we think the situation in which a class or spec is untenable in any bracket is worse than the situation in which a class or spec is untenable in a single bracket. Ideally all classes and specs are equally viable in all brackets. Now that sentinment has a few too many unicorns and rainbows, so we need to figure out which are the most important problems to fix first. Source 

Wintergrasp Daily Quests changed to Weekly
With regard to Wintergrasp dailies, there are a couple of reasons why we're implementing this on the 3.1.2 test realms: 1 Lake Wintergrasp is seeing an overabundance of players resulting in poor realm performance during peak play times; and 2 doing Lake Wintergrasp once or twice a day to get all of the dailies done is becoming a more convenient, efficient way of obtaining honor than signing up for battlegrounds. The change to make quests there weekly is being implemented in the hopes it will better stagger the participation in that zone throughout the week, as there are no quick or easy solutions to address realm instability that is due simply to having far too many people in the same zone at the same time; and we hope to see more players queuing up for battlegrounds. We're working on other ways of improving battleground participation as well right now. Source 

 Warlock 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Warlock past and future changes
You are entitled to your perspective. From ours, we have a lot of ideas about where we want to go with your class. We did make a lot of changes in 3.09 and 3.1 and more are on the way. I can respect that we didn't make the changes YOU would have made, or that the changes we made were not sufficient in your mind to solve the problems you percieve. That's cool. There is a lot of subjectivity in this biz, and other people in our position might have done things differently.

There were definitely players and people in our offices who felt we over-buffed locks in a couple of cases, and for those we had to do some quick nerfs. Other solutions are more long term. We still have a shard plan, but we're not going to talk about it for some time maybe Blizzcon, because the community can be so sensitive about "broken promises" when we advertise something and don't deliver.

Some players understand what design iteration is and appreciate a glimpse behind the blue curtain. Others get freaked out or otherwise feel discriminated against when things we talk about don't immediately go into the game. Because of that, we have to play our cards a little closer to the chest than we might ideally want to. I try to do what I can. Source 

New Official Wallpaper
A new wallpaper has been added to the official site 


 