Boubouille2009-04-04, 06:53 AMPatch 3.1 Background Downloader Updated
A new part of the Patch 3.1 is available for download from the Background Downloader. As a reminder, Patch 3.1 will be very big close to 1gb and it might be a good idea to start downloading it now. 


 


Blue posts
Totems, Ammos, and Shards improvements
We are always on the look out for classes or class mechanics that players seem to comment on a lot as not being particularly fun. [...] As just a few examples, totems, ammo and shards are all things we think we can improve in future patches and expansions. The changes we made in 3.1 to ammo and shards are just a small first step. There is always more that we want to do with this game. Always. Source 

Class homogenization
I understand the class homogenization concerns. It is sometimes difficult to make sure that all classes are viable for what they want to do without pushing their stats and abilities too close together. We are going to continue to try to strike a balance here. However I will offer that for every player that asks what was wrong with the good old days, there is a Prot paladin, Feral druid, Ret paladin, Arcane mage or Survival hunter who is happy that their spec isn't a joke any longer. Source 

Raids & Dungeons
800 pieces of gear in Ulduar!
Streamlining the gear was a necessary step. Ulduar has something like 800 pieces of gear, and that is with all of the streamlining. Sunwell had something like 160. There is just no way we could offer extra loot for hard modes and unique sets for specs like Holy paladins and Ele shamans if we didn't homogenize elsewhere. Source 

Ulduar Legendary Mace only for healers? The DK Part was obviously a joke.
I can't wait to see those DKs rocking the new healer mace. Source 

10-Man vs. 25-Man difficulty
UBRS was a casual 10 man raid. Zul-Aman was not, especially the timed run. Karazhan may have been easier than Sunwell but then again, it wasn’t that easy for many groups when it first shipped, but that whole system of progression was brutal on guild politics 5 player -> 10 player -> 25 player. I do agree that Naxx and the rest of the tier was often easier in 25 than in 10, and that was not our intent. Ulduar has tighter balance in that regard. Source 

Hard Modes
You have a valid concern. However, we tried to come with an answer for that this time. If you want to see the content, go on normal mode. If you want a challenge, go on hard mode. If you complain that hard is too hard for you, then guess what… go back to normal mode. Previously the answer was basically “You aren’t worthy to face the end villain of this game you have invested hundreds of hours in,” which we thought was sort of a lame answer. Now you can see Arthas, but you aren’t going to get his best, most prestigious loot if you aren’t awesome. 

Introducing Hard Modes into 5-man dungeons
We have discussed it. We need to see how many players really attempt the 10-player hard modes and if those are really a different group of players than the ones also doing the 25-player hard modes. In some ways, it is harder to make very challenging content for smaller groups. Getting enough buffs in a small group is hard. Source 

Class quests ... and legendary HEALER mace
Class quests are popular but they are expensive when you consider 90% of players on average aren't benefiting. Or put another way, every class quest we introduce is really 10 quests! Would it have been worth it to make the DK experience one tenth the size in order to offer a handful of quests to other classes? Would any of that content have been appealing or would it all feel a little watered down? I think the DK start area may be the best experience in WoW. Would it have been worth giving that up? Clearly offering that kind of experience for every class would have been worth it, but if we could have done that, we would have.

Your stance seems to be that your class got screwed out of content because of the DK. But the DK was a big reason that a lot of players wanted to play WoW. They have been an enormously popular class, and from that point of view it's hard to argue we would have gotten so much interest in the expansion if that bullet on the back of the box had said "More class quests" instead. I'm not saying our only motivation is to sell boxes though clearly in a business that has to be some part of the equation. I'm saying we tried to offer something in LK that players wanted, and in retrospect, the DK start area has been enormously popular. Source 

Player versus Player
Burst damage and healing in PvP in 3.1
I just wanted to pipe in here since OP tends to point toward the highest bursty classes and mention that we want there to be a bit less burst than we are seeing now. We also know that healers tend to be pretty powerful and can overcome a lot of sustained dps, so we are trying to get somewhere in between. We want coordinated bursts to be effective instead of just 1 class doing it by themselves and we want to avoid healers completely dominating and giving us some good old 40+ minute battles of boredom. We will see how things turn out in 3.1. Source 

More Battlegrounds maps?

This has come up in the past, but making the maps is not easy to do and does take a lot of time. Along with it, the queue system would need some major rework to be picking not just a Battleground but either picking or randomly selecting a map. And before you mention it, the last time we brought this up it wasn't an easy solution like "copy the Arena queue" - it is supposed to take a lot more work than that.

All that aside, this is something we would like to do, but generally we have been focusing on brand new Battlegrounds and new formats - as we continue to expand on the formats though there is a possibility of new maps of the same formats coming into plate, nothing for sure at this time though. Source 

Professions
Alchemy - Flask of Stoneblood in 3.1
We felt the current amount of health from the stoneblood was just ridiculous at how low it was, especially considering the damage from bosses in Ulduar so we buffed it a bit. Just keep in mind that we don't really like the idea of every new flask/upgrade being something with the same stats and just higher numbers every time. As an example it's possible the next tanking flask would have the same or lower health but extra mitigation stats like armor or defense on it. Source 

Engineering - Reticulated Armor Webbing on Leather
For those who don't follow patch notes, there's a new engineering enchant for gloves in 3.1. Adds 800 armor to gloves, usable only on plate. Presumably, it's to give tanks a perk while preventing engineering from being even more attractive to cloth pvpers. [...] Perhaps limit it to leather and above? It's appealing to cloth users, but a lot less so to leather pvpers that focus on burst instead of survivability. 
This is definitely a possibility for this engineering enchant. Source 

Arena Tournament
Vanquisher Title
Eligible characters that are level 71+ when the rewards are given out will receive the title. 

Invitational Tournament
All characters that are a part of the top 1000 ranked teams will be invited to the Invitational Tournament during Phase 4. However, please keep in mind that standard Arena rules still apply here:
1. The character must have at least 30% participation of the total games that the team played.
2. The character's personal rating must be within 150 of the team's rating.
3. The character played at least 20 games on the team. Source 

Murkimus Murloc Pet eligbility
Transferring your character should not impact your ability to receive the Murkimus pet, assuming that your account qualifies for the reward. However, transferring your character could impact qualification for end of Season rewards, such as end of Season titles and the Frostwyrm mount. Source 

 Death Knight 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Frost as a Dual-Wield spec?
We want both dual wielding and 2-handers to be viable for Death Knights, balancing both of these inside each tree has been exceptionally challenging and caused an issue or two. If we have to make it so DKs have one type of fighting, it will be the 2-handers. We are considering something like making the frost tree the dual-wield tree, so some frost specific abilities would hit with both weapons through that tree only, and then have unholy/blood as 2-hand focused. Nothing is set in stone though. Source 

 Druid 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Feral DPS
The main issue we are running into here is that the PvE dps, when pulled off properly, can be pretty high and that is what has caused some of the nerfs in 3.1. We recognize that maximizing PvE dps can require a fairly complex rotation which doesn't translate very well to PvP dps and we are considering some changes to improve that in the future.

One example would be to make Rend and Tear include mangle in its damage bonuses or add a glyph of some kind that affects more PvP centric abilities. We are just trying to be very careful to not be so focused on one aspect of the game PvE or PvP that we over do it in the other one. Source 

New Druid form models
Druid forms are not coming in 3.1, but big but we are working on them. I have to say that when these do go live, it will have been worth the wait. Source 

Feral tanking in 3.1
Bears used to have the highest armor and highest health which is no longer the case obviously, but we added the shield ability and improve their cooldowns to try and bring them more in-line with other classes. We are keeping an eye on them and will make improvements if they turn out to be a clearly inferior tank. Source 

 Priest 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Discipline Priest in 3.1
1. We do want a lot of Power Word: Shields to be getting tossed out. You can use it on multiple people throughout the raid for additional regeneration if needed. We are still a little weary of where mana regeneration is at, we aren't sure it is really going to be hit that bad with the changes in patch 3.1.

2. The talents requested are relatively far down in the holy tree with the goal of improving overall healing, the thing is that we don't feel discipline healing will really need these buffs as it could be fairly competitive as it stands. We feel the issue is the need to track the effective of shields, since these don't show up on healing meters it looks like the disc healing is low, but overall it should work out well if you add in the data from the shields.

3. We agree that how grace works feels a little awkward, we are looking into this and may change it in the future, no guarantees though.

4. We are still okay with how the weakened soul debuff works in a raid setting. If raids only allow 1 disc priest and it becomes a plaguing problem, we'll look into it, but at the same time we don't really want to see raids running around with only disc priests this applies to any class.

5. Like I mentioned above, we feel the overall effectiveness of disc should be pretty good in 3.1 if you consider not just the healing but the shielding aspect of it as well. We will see how it plays out. Source 

Discipline Priest in Ulduar
Will raids want Disc priests? We are honestly not too worried about that. We'd estimate about half of the healing priests we've watched in Ulduar are Disc, at least for the guilds that are making boss kills. Consider, that when you have a tank with 45,000 health and a boss is hitting for 25,000 health which is not the kind of thing we did in Naxx, but is in Ulduar, none of the healing you can do will let that tank survive two hits in a row. But Power Word: Shield will. Source 

 Rogue 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
The reasons behind the addition of an AoE Ability in WotLK
Because rogues complained, and rightly so, that they weren’t as attractive as other dps classes when there was a lot of AE involved, which was the case for all Naxx trash and even a few bosses. We decided that single-target vs. AE wasn’t a very strong niche for classes. There are situations where one or the other are useless. That doesn’t mean everyone needs to be equal, but standing around with almost no way to contribute isn’t a lot of fun And doesn’t make raids want to bring you. Source 

 Shaman 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Giving an escape mechanism to Enhancement
Just to touch on this, we are keeping an eye on the escape mechanisms category, we are just trying to be careful on things that will continue to push homogenization forward. We would like to be able to balance like shaman and priests without having to make an every 30 second get away type of thing, but we will see. Source 