Boubouille2009-04-28, 03:28 AMMinor Bug Fix Patch 3.1.1a
In the next few days we’ll be releasing a minor bug fix patch to version 3.1.1. This sort of patch is very small in size, and we use them to fix specific issues that can’t be hot-fixed. Most patches require a lengthy testing procedure before release, but because this change is focused solely on a client tooltip, its testing process can be accelerated to resolve the issue as soon as possible.

In 3.1.1, the paladin ability Exorcism cannot damage other players, but the player game client does not display this change properly. Patch 3.1.1a will fix the tooltip to display the appropriate text; it also displays an error message when a player tries to use it against other players.

While we have not done many minor bug fix patches to date, we do plan to use them as appropriate in the future to resolve smaller issues rapidly, rather than waiting for a full patch. 

Just as an update. We will be releasing the minor bug fix patch 3.1.1a during tonight’s maintenance period. 

Blue posts
Not a lot of activity from blue posters lately ... It definitely looks like developers are busy fixing stuff left and right. 
Noblegarden See the guide 
Hard Boiled 
So you just need to find another player with the stick to head down to Un'goro so you can cast it on each other and both get the achievement. You could also just head down during a busy time of the night and look around for people - I'm sure there are a number of other people down there who won't mind cast a branch on someone. Source 

Shake your Bunny-Maker 
It may be hard to track down certain individuals, but that is why the event isn't just one day anymore and you have all week to find them. I noticed some of these particular gender/race combinations happily enjoying their time in the spotlight outside a bank and clicking off the ears every time they popped to help out as many people as possible. Source 

Too many people doing the Noblegarden achievements
Don't forget that you have the rest of the week to complete these achievements. If it was super easy to get eggs then that takes away from it being an egg "hunt". Overall I've seen a lot of players completing everything for this rather quickly so it doesn't seem out of reach at all. Source 

 Paladin 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Reasoning behind the Exorcism nerf?
I say "we think" and "we feel" a lot because there is no machine that you plug data into that returns which abilities or specs are OP or not. There are humans making these decisions and I freely admit that it is largely a subjective call. That doesn't mean we make decisions randomly or without evidence, but it does mean that you aren't always going to be able to "prove" that X is overpowered or Y is underpowered. It's all pretty relative and subject to the way that the designers want the game to work.

We don't generally provide numbers to justify our claims because we are the ones empowered to make the changes. This is not the same thing as the data not existing. We do ask players for numbers when they make claims that we should change something. When you are asking us to change our minds, you have to offer some evidence why we should.

All of this is really begging the point though because we have answered pretty clearly why we nerfed Exorcism. It sounds like you just don't like those answers. Which is fine, because as I admitted, it's subjective.

Many players would disagree with you that Retribution is underpowered at the moment, and a lot of players would argue that the spec needs more nerfs. When a lot of players disagree with something that you offer as blindingly obvious, you should at least stop to ask yourself why it is not blindingly obvious to them. Sure they could just hate your spec and want to see you fail. That is one explanation. It isn't always the only explanation. Source 

 Rogue 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Reflective shields and fast attacking classes
Reflective shields being so much stronger versus fast-attacking targets is something we would like to address. It's fine that it's a good defense against them generally speaking, but it has become a little too extreme where you can blow yourself up against something that was designed to be more of a small bonus, not a hard counter.

We're not sure a ppm proc per minute implementation is the right way to go in this case, because that might be too generous to the fast attackers, making it too easy for them to just disregard the fact that there is a shield. But there is probably something in between we could come up with.

Please don't respond with "I CANT BELIEVES THEY'RE BUFFING ROGUES." It's still a problem, even if it affects a class that is currently doing quite well in PvP. Source 



OOMcast: Episode 5
Another episode of OOMCast  is out! The first one I posted here was fairly popular and you might see more podcasts/videos in the future. 



<object width="581" height="421"><param name="allowfullscreen" value="true" /><param name="allowscriptaccess" value="always" /><param name="movie" value="" /><embed src="" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" allowfullscreen="true" allowscriptaccess="always" width="581" height="421"></embed></object>
OOMcast: Episode 5  from OutofMana.org  on Vimeo 


Comics
Dark Legacy Comic #186  and Teh Gladiators #71  are out!


   