Boubouille2009-03-30, 06:06 PMPTR Maintenance - 03/30/09
Test realms are going down for a PTR maintenance tonight for a new build, stay tuned!
We will be taking down the PTR's today for maintenance at approximately 10:45am PST.

There will be a new build available to test on the PTR once they are available again. 

This thread will be updated with any additional information as it becomes available. 

Blizzcast - Episode 8
Blizzcast Episode 8 http://eu.blizzard.com/blizzcast/archive/episode8.xml is out! This new episode focus on Diablo 3 mostly and only 2 questions related to WoW were answered. 
Bornakk: Good good. The first question today is from Sneakysnakes on Wildhammer. Before Wrath of the Lich King came out there was talk of aerial combat in Wintergrasp and in the game in general with some goblin anti-air shredder being put in the game. Howling Fjord showed some footage of this as well. What happened with aerial combat and do we still plan to put it into the game?

Tom Chilton: Well the aerial combat that we had in Wintergrasp we just ended up feeling wasn’t really polished enough for the final experience. We gave it a shot with the vehicle technology that we had but ultimately it was a little goofy that you could crash your airplane into the ground and nothing bad would really happen. Then also the kinda of sense of flying really wasn’t there enough. 

If you look at a lot of games that have done flight simulation, there is a lot of care that goes into giving you that sensation of flying by having the world tilt and stuff like that so it feels a little less mechanical, feels a little bit more alive or more natural. So one of the things that we have kind of tasked ourselves with doing is figuring out how to polish that, how to improve on our vehicle physics, there’s still a lot of vehicle physics tech that we want to get in that didn’t make it into the first pass of Lich King. 

So we have to make some tough decisions sometimes about what we are going to go forward with and what just isn’t working out well enough to meet our quality standards and that was one of them. So it’s still definitely on our list of things that we want to do, we have a lot of people here who are passionate about vehicle combat, passionate about making it more interesting, more fun, by increasing the number of things we can do with it – that would definitely include the possibility of doing aerial combat. 

Bornakk: The other question from the same player was just if we had any plans to add any additional ranks to Wintergrasp, the battle there, and to expand on the system in general?

Tom Chilton: Well the things we would have to think as far as ranks in Wintergrasp go would be kind of how it ties into the game play as it’s established right now. Really the purpose of the ranks is to give you access to new kinds of vehicles and in the absense of new kinds of vehicles to give you then that doesn’t really seem to be something we need to do. It wouldn’t really add a whole lot of value, it wouldn’t be that interesting if you ranked up but there was nothing really anything new to get as a result of it. 

Then we also have to factor in the combat time, how much time do you actually spend in the Wintergrasp scenario and is it reasonable to expect a player to actually get to that higher rank? Do they have enough time to get to a higher rank and actually have time to enjoy the result of getting to that rank? So since we have really tried to make sure Wintergrasp is playable in a very reasonable period of time the scenario doesn’t tend to go a really long time then it doesn’t seem to me, at least not at first glance, that we would really have room to add an additional rank for an additional vehicle even if we were to actually create that vehicle and make it accessible. I don’t think you’d have a whole lot of time to do much with it. 

Bornakk: Okay, well that’s all the questions that we had today. Thanks for stopping by Tom and we’ll roll on to the next questions.

Tom Chilton: Right on.