Boubouille2009-05-20, 12:07 AMUpdate - Added Recent In-Game Fixes 05/19  and Wintergrasp Temporarily Disabled 

Wintergrasp Temporarily Disabled
We have shut off Wintergrasp on all realms while we investigate an issue which caused the games to reset prematurely. Thank you for your patience, and we will re-activate Wintergrasp once the issue has been resolved. 

Recent In Game Fixes - 05/19
05/19
Innervate now properly restores the correct amount of mana to Shapeshifted targets that do not have a mana bar active.
Thrust and Shield-Break attacks in the Argent Tournament are correctly being mitigated by the number of Defends that are active on the target.
The Supercharged ability on Storm Tempered Keepers near Auriaya will no longer increase the damage of Storm Wave.
Some of the trash mob packs have been removed in the areas leading to Ignis the Furnace Master and Freya.
In the tunnel leading to Mimiron, the Clockwork Sapper’s Ice Turret's ability, Ice Nova, now does considerably less damage in both difficulty modes.
In the Antechamber leading to the Assembly of Iron, the Rune Etched Sentry's ability, Flaming Rune, does considerably less damage over time in both difficulty modes.
The Molten Colossus near Ignis the Furnace Master will no longer cast Unquenchable Flames.
Chamber Overseer's Staggering Roar does consider.
Some issues were fixed and Algalon the Observer should now properly reset every time a raid wipes.
The hit point increasing hard mode ability for XT-002 Deconstructor has been reduced to 50% in the 10 player Normal setting, and 60% in the 25 player Heroic setting. The corresponding damage increase for XT-002 has also been reduced to 15%. Life Sparks also have half of their previous hit point values.
The engineering boot enchant, Nitro Boosts, will no longer be usable in rated or skirmish arena matches.
The duration of Kologarn's Crunch Armor effect has been greatly reduced in normal difficulty. This change negates the explicit need to tank swap Kologarn.
Thorim's Chain Lightning will no longer affect more than 8 targets in normal and heroic difficulty.
General Vezax now does 10% less melee damage in normal difficulty.

Ulduar Tuning May 19 2009
The following are a list of changes that have been hotfixed to 3.1.2 or are in the process of being hotfixed. All changes are to both 10 and 25 player versions of the instance, unless specifically noted.

Trash
Storm Tempered Keeper’s Supercharged ability will no longer increase the damage of Storm Wave.
Some Ignis and Freya trash has been removed. If your instance was already open when the hotfix was applied, the trash will still be there.
Ice Turret’s Ice Nova spell now does considerably less base damage.
Rune Etched Sentry’s Flaming Rune does does considerably less damage over time.
The Molten Colossus will no longer cast Unquenchable Flames.
Chamber Overseer’s Staggering Roar does considerably less damage.

Bosses
Kologarn’s Crunch Armor effect of his Overhead Smash now has a greatly decreased duration in the 10 player Normal difficulty setting. This change negates the explicit need to tank swap Kologarn.
Thorim’s Chain Lightning no longer affects more than 8 targets.
General Vezax now does 10% less melee damage in the 10 player Normal difficulty setting.

Hard Modes
The hit point increasing hard mode ability for XT-002 Deconstructor has been reduced to 50% in the 10 player Normal setting, and 60% in the 25 player Heroic setting. The corresponding damage increase for XT-002 has also been reduced to 15%. Life Sparks also have half of their previous hit point values.

In an unrelated tuning note, we also found a case where Algalon would not reset properly in the 25 player Heroic setting only. This has been hotfixed. 

Ulduar Item Updates
The following items have had their stats improved in patch 3.1.2 to match their appropriate item level:
Icecore staff
Boreal Guard
Malice

The following weapons have had their speed changed to make them more optimized when used in PvE content compared to equivalent weapons obtained in the Arena:
Golden Saronite Dragon
Remorse
Stonerender
Voldrethar, Dark Blade of Oblivion
Dark Edge of Depravity
Aesir's Edge
Hammer of Crushing Whispers
Caress of Insanity

The dps of the ranged weapons listed below has been increased due to not having an equivalent ammunition upgrade. Please visit this thread for more details:  
Envoy of Mortality
Furious Gladiator's Heavy Crossbow
Furious Gladiator's Longbow
Furious Gladiator's Recurve
Furious Gladiator's Repeater
Furious Gladiator's Rifle
Furious Gladiator's Shotgun
Giant's Bane
Magnetized Projectile Emitter
Siren's Cry
Skyforge Crossbow
Veranus' Bane

Improving hunter dps through ranged weapons
The developers believe hunter dps is too low, so today we are implementing a change to ranged weapon damage to improve dps across the board.

Bows, crossbows and guns of item level 226 or higher which means weapons from Kel'Thuzad, Ulduar and the Furious Gladiator pieces will do around 30 more dps. This should translate to a hunter damage increase of a few percent.

We don't think this will be quite sufficient in boosting hunter dps to where we think it needs to be and we have another buff that we plan to get in sometime over the next couple of weeks. We'll announce that change when it gets closer. We have some plans for other classes as well, but we ask that you please keep this thread on the topic of hunters and the ranged weapon changes.

As hunters may recall, we had an ambitious plan to change the way ammo worked for 3.1 that ended up being overly ambitious, causing us to scale back. However as part of that change, we stopped itemizing bullets and arrows. Since hunters could not upgrade from the ammo available at the launch of Lich King, their damage had started and would continue to fall behind as other classes upgraded their gear. This change basically incorporates the ammo damage into the weapons -- as you get better ranged weapons, it's as if you got better ammo to go along with them. This is likely to be a design we continue for the next few tiers of content until we have the opportunity to overhaul ammo completely.