Boubouille2009-04-23, 08:02 AMMinor Bug Fix Patch 3.1.1a
In the next few days we’ll be releasing a minor bug fix patch to version 3.1.1. This sort of patch is very small in size, and we use them to fix specific issues that can’t be hot-fixed. Most patches require a lengthy testing procedure before release, but because this change is focused solely on a client tooltip, its testing process can be accelerated to resolve the issue as soon as possible.

In 3.1.1, the paladin ability Exorcism cannot damage other players, but the player game client does not display this change properly. Patch 3.1.1a will fix the tooltip to display the appropriate text; it also displays an error message when a player tries to use it against other players.

While we have not done many minor bug fix patches to date, we do plan to use them as appropriate in the future to resolve smaller issues rapidly, rather than waiting for a full patch. 

Recent In-Game Fixes - 04/22
Listed below are recent fixes we have applied to the game. Keep in mind that some of these changes may not be active until after the realm has been restarted. 

4/22/09
General Vezax’s Shadow Crash ability will no longer benefit non-caster classes.
Mother Shahraz’s Fatal Attraction ability will once again hit only 3 people at a time.
Players can no longer use the Fetch Ball or Rope Leash on the Argent Gruntling.
Players who are exalted with the Argent Crusade will no longer be able to complete the quest “Contributin' To The Cause” in the Argent Pavillion.
The level requirement for the following quests has been appropriately set to level 65: Shipment: Wicked Sun Brooch, Infused Mushroom Meatloaf, Mustard Dogs!, and Cheese for Glowergold.
The enrage timer on XT-002 Deconstructor has been increased.
The rating requirement for Furious Gladiator's Armwraps of Salvation has been changed to bring them in line with other items of this type.
The Feral Essence on the Feral Defender in the Auriaya encounter will decrease anytime one is killed as intended.
The Stone Nova ability cast by Rubble in the Kologarn encounter has had it’s damage decreased, will now be mitigated by armor, but can no longer be blocked, dodged, or parried.
The Thunderfall Totem will no longer increase the casting time of Healing Wave or Lesser Healing Wave when Tidal Waves is active.
Killing Anzu in Sethekk Halls will properly save you to the instance.

US Arena Tournament Online Qualifier Concludes
The 2009 Arena Tournament online qualifier has come to a close. The top 10 teams as of April 21, 2009 are listed below:

Rank. Team NameClassesWin – LossTeam Rating
1. well thenDeath Knight, Paladin, Warlock 167 – 402538
2. GET TANKEDDeath Knight, Paladin, Warlock164 – 452521
3. monkey attack squad [color=#ABD473] Hunter, Mage, Shaman296 – 1292519
[color=#0099FF] 4. BARKSDALE CREWDeath Knight, Paladin, Warlock195 – 662513
5. GET MONEY GET PAYCE [color=#C41E3A] Death Knight, [color=#ABD473] Hunter, Paladin264 – 1332510
6. The Phuox Den [color=#FFF569] Rogue, Shaman, Warlock163 – 782510
7. holyplay [color=#0099FF] Paladin, Priest, Shaman181 – 492505
7. Almost Eighty On Live [color=#FFF569] Rogue, Shaman, Warlock160 – 582504
9. KNUCKLBABIEZ TO THA DOME [color=#69CCF0] Mage, Priest, Rogue241 – 942499
10. Lord Icarium n Friends [color=#69CCF0] Mage, Priest, Rogue167 – 692487

We will be inviting the top eight qualifying teams to the Regional Finals. Be sure to check back here to see who’s attending as the event nears. 

Blue posts
Custom dances idea dropped?
It has not been dropped. Creating additional dances takes a significant amount of animation work and we want to make sure that when we do put them out, that they meet our standards. We still intend to put them in, but we have no current eta on their addition. Source 

Kalu'ak Fishing Pole DPS Nerf
As others have pointed out in this thread, this fishing pole was not intentionally changed and will be fixed in a future patch. Source 

PvP Balance
PvP is monumentally difficult to balance. WoW's PvP game has not been perfectly balanced before, and is not balanced now. But that does not mean we throw up our hands and give up on it. We have solved some nasty problems over the years and created some new ones. Such is the nature of MMO game design. We try and learn from our mistakes and move on.

We do internal tests and we do invite players to participate voluntarily mind you on betas or the PTR. That in no way can substitute for what happens when 12 million players get their hands on the game and begin playing. Good companies try not to make mistakes. Great companies admit when they make mistakes and take steps to fix them. Even greater companies I suppose never make mistakes, but I don't know any of those. Source 

No new US servers
For the record and to ensure there isn't any confusion, we have no plans to create new realms at this time. We created several news since Wrath of the Lich King launched and feel we are at a good level right now. Source 

Latin American FCMs to Drakkari PvP
Based on the community's feedback and the current population of Drakkari, players that have characters on any of the eligible realms will be able to begin transferring by selecting the Free Character Move link in the account management section of our web site   Please keep in mind that this is a Latin American realm and people may speak a language other than your own.

The transfer process will be comprised of four 4 phases, each phase will last approximately ten 10 days and will include many realms from both the North American US and Oceanic regions. Please keep in mind that certain realms will not be eligible for transfers due to population balance, among other variables. 

Please keep in mind that character transfers can be disabled at any moment should our goals of population balance are met. If you plan on transferring over, we recommend that you do so as quickly as possible. Once the transfer period is over, no characters will be eligible to transfer for free and players will be required to go through the normal transfer process. 

First Phase: April 16th – April 26th - For a list of eligible realms, please see [color=orange] this post  

[color=#96BC27] Raids & Dungeons
New 5-Player instance
New 5-player content is in the works for upcoming patches, including what can probably be compared to Magister's Terrace. We'll provide more information when we're ready to present previews of this content. Source 

Naxxramas Immortal
There was no plan to remove the Naxxramas Immortal achievement from the game. Source 

PvE vs. PvP Gear
Ideally PvP gear is superior in PvP but PvE gear isn't terrible if you're missing the PvP gear.
Ideally PvE gear is superior in PvE but PvP gear isn't terrible if you're missing the PvE gear.

This mostly works. You need resilience in PvP, but items pay a stat budget for resilience that is mostly useless in PvE.

There are potential flaws with the system of course. If a class is too defensive, or kills things too quickly, then the resilience is unattractive. If PvE weapons are too easily obtainable say off of KT compared to PvP weapons that say a lot of skilled Arena investment then the "isn't terrible" crosses over into "why the heck not?" zone.

We like for there to be separate progression paths because frankly we don't want someone who is leet in one aspect of the game to be rewarded with triumph over the other aspect. But it's also nice to be able to use your gladiator gear your first few times in a raid until you've built up a decent amount of PvE gear.

Just saying no, you can't wear that suit in here feels a little heavy handed. It's confusing and arbitrary. It feels overly punishing to a player who has invested a lot of time and effort getting to be a gladiator to then tell them "but you have to wear blues into Ulduar because those purps you have don't cut it." Source 

 Druid 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Savage Defense and lag
These type of issues and there are several abilities so affected are not bugs per se. They are disagreements or just delays in between the client and server. It takes time for that communication to happen and sometimes things get offset. Talk to mages about Ignite munching for instance. We try to implement a certain amount of split-second timing, because it feels better when the game is responsive and perhaps more exciting when changes are instant. But there are real technological limitatons to what we can do.

It's not a bug in the sense that we can't fix it. It's Internet latency. If we think it is going to become a real liability for bears, then the kind of thing we can do is design around it. For example, Savage Defense could have 3 stacks that affected the next 3 hits. Dropping from 2 stacks to 1 stack because of latency mismatches would be superior to dropping from the shield being on to the shield being off. We need to get a better feel for how common the problem is and how SD is working in general before we started iterating on the design though. Source 

 Paladin 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Retribution DPS was too low in 3.1
At the time I said that it was true. We made changes after that point, such as fixing a bug with RV and increasing the damage of Divine Storm. Ret PvE dps seems pretty close to where we want it now. We’ll definitely keep an eye on the situation, but don’t assume that if you can’t touch the dps of warriors or shamans that it is automatically our fault. Sometimes it is. Sometimes there is more individual players can do. Source 

Possible changes for Paladin mechanics
I already stated that we want to re-design the basic combat attacks so that paladins are just using their first few GCDs to unload with big hits that then pay for their front-loaded burst with long cooldowns, which is small consolation to a dead opponent. The Exorcism change, largely made so that paladin damage wouldn’t decline once they moved from the undead-rich Naxxramas to the undead-poor Ulduar, gave them extra damage in PvP that we didn’t feel paladins needed. Source 

[...] We aren't deleting the files and starting over. We changed paladins pretty substantially for Lich King and by most accounts, paladin players like the changes. It doesn't surprise me at all that the details are taking some tweaking to get just right. Consider that most of the balance problems we've had were for classes that received substantial changes or were brand new classes.

We like the new Seal / Judgement system and aren't likely to mess with that. What we would like to do is take say CS, DS and Exorcism, make one of them have no cooldown, and make the others something you want to do at the right time. Here are some dumb, mostly fake examples. They all have problems and aren't very original because I spent all of 20 sec thinking of them but are in the right vein. We have some actual ideas but aren't ready to share them yet.

1 Your Crusader Strike stacks something on a target. Divine Storm then does more damage per stack but consumes the stacks?.
2 Your Divine Storm has a dot component. The closer you get a Crusader Strike to the final dot, the more damage it does, but its cooldown keeps you from spamming it.
3 When someone under the effect of your Retribution Aura or whatever is attacked, your Divine Storm lights up and you can then make them pay for the affront.
4 Your Divine Storm has a dot component with a very short duration. However Crusader Strike has no cooldown and extends the duration by one tick. Basically you have to hit CS three or four times in a row quickly to keep the whirlwind spinning. Source 

 Warlock 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Upcoming Destruction changes
We are trying to get some changes in for Destro to make up for any sustained dps loss due to the Conflag nerf. Our plan is to get these changes in soontm, which in this case means before 3.2. We are not going to make any promises of course. Source 