Boubouille2009-05-09, 11:57 AMPTR Patch 3.1.2 - Left Menu
I added a Patch 3.1.2 category to the menu on the left of the site. This is a minor patch and there isn't enough content to build huge pages but I guess a small recap of posts is always useful. 

Patch Notes 
Spell Changes 
Build 9868 
Battle-Bots 
Argent Tournament Mounts 


Blizzard Shop Talk - BlizzCon 2009
The buzz over BlizzCon, being held this year in Anaheim, California August 21 and 22, has begun. Whether you’re planning on attending the convention or following it from home, we have everything you need to know right here.

Ticket Sales Coming Soon
Be prepared to secure your tickets for the festivities so you can begin making travel arrangements right away. A first round of tickets will be available for purchase on Saturday, May 16, with an additional set being released for sale on Saturday, May 30. Read the press release for full details:  

New Ticket Queue System
To avoid past issues with our website that resulted from high volumes of players trying to secure tickets at once, we’ve made a few changes to the way tickets can be purchased this time around. Check out the details:  

2009 Contests
We’re bringing back the best and most popular contests from previous years for BlizzCon 2009. If you’ve missed out on the festivities of the previous years, you’ll want to see what we have in store this time around. If you’re interested in entering any of our contests, it’s best to get started on your strategy right away. Read on:  

Developer Panels
If you want to get an inside scoop directly from the mouths of our developers, don’t miss out on the many panels we’ll be hosting this year. Read on:  

Tournaments
If you’re a fan of watching some of the most competitive players going head-to-head live for all to see, you don’t want to miss the tournaments scheduled for BlizzCon 2009. Read on:  

Watching From Home
If you’re not able to attend this year, fear not! We’ve partnered again with DIRECTV to bring you over 16 hours of event coverage, broadcast in HD. A special offer will be made for new customers who sign up with DIRECTV to watch BlizzCon 2009. An Internet stream of the coverage will also be offered. You can read all about it:  

We welcome players to join in on the discussion of this year’s BlizzCon on our forums:  

BlizzCon Website:  


Blue posts
Mana regeneration in Ulduar
In my response I was trying to say that we did nerf mana regen, but perhaps not enough. We’re okay with that for now though because the design of the Ulduar encounters had lead to more variety in healing than just constantly spamming your big spells. You still do that sometimes, which is totally fine.

As someone above pointed out, mana is more pressing on the hard modes particularly while you’re still learning them. That will improve a little over time as you gear up. We’ll see how things feel then. [...] It may be slightly OP, particularly once everyone is in full Ulduar gear. We’re not going to announce a nerf in the next few weeks or anything barring something unforeseen. Source 

Healing on Mimiron
Mimiron is not an easy fight for anyone and I totally agree it is challenging to heal. It’s kind of at the extreme edge of “You must heal everyone NOW NOW NOW” though. I’m not saying many healers are snoozing through Mimiron. I was saying that even though mana regen can still be high, the regen doesn’t let you overwhelm the content like you could in Naxx… at least not in current gear. Source 

Mana regeneration out of combat
Regen is definitely lower in combat. I’m not sure it’s as binary as constrained vs. non-constrained. Totally agree about your point at large though. One way to go would be to just get rid of the FSR and make out of combat regen legitimately out of combat – not sneaking a sip during an Arena match provide very fast regen. Source 

 Paladin 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Exorcism working on pets
We change our minds all the time. If we didn't, then interacting with the community would be of much less limited value. My original comments ended up spurring a lot of discussion in the community and in the office and we became convinced that the ability was just really one-sided especially against hunters and locks. Remember, it did not used to get the auto crit. We don’t mind abilities that counter other player’s abilities, but there needs to be some back and forth involved. Source 

 Shaman 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Elemental Shaman
As I posted in the other active thread on this topic, we still cannot find any bugs with Elemental. We looked at a lot of numbers from before and after 3.1 and except for the lower crit values the numbers don't seem very different. It could be that other classes, notably rogues and Feral druids, just improved.

Nonetheless, we do think Elemental is a little low so there is likely to be a small buff coming. I feel obligated to add the standard no promises caveat. Source 

 Warrior 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Potential changes to Juggernaut
The charge in combat is the key part of the ability and not something we are liable to mess with. Lowering the crit chance would be an option. So would be messing with the glyph of charge. Source 


MMO-Champion now on Steam!
In the next few days/weeks I'll try to spend more time improving the community side of MMO-Champion. Recruitment for new moderators will be open very soon and you can probably start working on your applications, some of the forums will be merged / re-ordered, and I will try to spread MMO-Champion to a few extra places. 

We'll start with an easy one today: the MMO-Champion Steam Community  I think that most of us spend some time on other games and it could be nice to see familiar faces here, depending on how popular the group is I wouldn't mind getting a few dedicated servers for our favorite games Left 4 Dead and Team Fortress 2?. 


Open in Steam steam://url/GroupSteamIDPage/103582791430418916


 