Boubouille2009-06-27, 09:52 AMSeason 7 Armor Sets Sneak Peek
After yesterday's preview of PvE sets, it's time to let you take a look at the Arena Season 7 Armor sets. 

Comments - Read first!
 Death Knight - The helm is missing textures.
 Druid - Shoulders are REALLY bugged, only right shoulder available.
 Hunter - Helm and Shoulders are missing.
 Mage - Shoulders slightly bugged, fixed with some photoshopping in the front view to match a nearly-final render. 
 Paladin - Works fine.
 Priest - Works fine.
 Rogue - Only shoulders available.
 Shaman - Shoulders are heavily bugged, once again fixed with some photoshopping in the front view to make it look better. Helm seems bugged as well.
 Warlock - Works fine.
 Warrior - Nothing available yet, see you after the next PTR build!


   
   
   
   
 

The spell for the Season 7 Relics are also in the game files.
LK Arena 5 Gladiator's Death Knight Relic  - Your Plague Strike ability also grants you 172 attack power for 10 sec.
LK Arena 5 Gladiator's Idol of Resolve  - Your Mangle ability also grants you 172 attack power for 10 sec.
LK Arena 5 Gladiator's Idol of Steadfastness  - Your Moonfire spell grants 101 spell power for 10 sec.
LK Arena 5 Gladiator's Idol of Tenacity  - Increases the spell power of the final healing value of your Lifebloom by 376.
LK Arena 5 Gladiator's Libram of Fortitude  - Your Crusader Strike ability also grants you 172 attack power for 10 sec.
LK Arena 5 Gladiator's Libram of Justice  - Increases spell power of Flash of Light by 404.
LK Arena 5 Gladiator's Totem of Survival  - Your Shock spells grant 101 spell power for 10 sec.
LK Arena 5 Totem of Indomitability  - Your Lava Lash ability also grants you 172 attack power for 10 sec.
LK Arena 5 Totem of the Third Wind  - Increases spell power of Lesser Healing Wave by 404.


Patch 3.2 BOP Items Trade
A very nice feature was added to the game with the latest PTR patch, according to the interface files and a few in-game tests you can now trade BOP items with members of your raid who participated in the kill. This change will probably considerably lower the amount of GM petitions each day. 

BIND_TRADE_TIME_REMAINING = "You may trade this item with players that were also eligible to loot this item for the next %s."; -- Time remaining to trade a bound item. Example: You may trade this item with players that were eligible to loot this item for the next 1 hour 30 minutes.


 