Boubouille2009-06-14, 09:44 AMFlame Leviathan 25-Man killed by 4 Players
A few weeks ago I posted a video of the Flame Leviathan 10-Man killed by 2 players  We have a nice follow-up today with the 25-Man version of the boss killed by only 4 players from Spite  US-Laughing Skull! 



<object width="560" height="370"><param name="movie" value=""></param><param name="allowFullScreen" value="true"></param><param name="allowscriptaccess" value="always"></param><embed src="" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" allowscriptaccess="always" allowfullscreen="true" width="560" height="370"></embed></object>


Blue posts
Worldwide Invitational
The World Wide Invitational is not a European equivalent only. It was held twice in Seoul in 2006 and 2007 before it was held in Paris in 2008. There will be no Worldwide Invitational this year, as it will be combined with Blizzcon. Whether there will be further WWIs or not is something we have no news about right now. Source 

Blizzard Development Team
There are different types of designers. Some work on quests, encounters, world events or zones. My team works on classes, items, tradeskills, UI, PvP, combat and pretty much most of the crunchy bits of WoW. It's a great team of very talented players and they don't get the recognition they deserve. This is partially because some of them wish to remain anonymous. Shameless plug: we are hiring an item designer. Check the hiring portion of the site for more details.

Within our team, nobody owns a particular class. We all work on them together and nobody make a change at least a serious change without getting consensus from everyone else. We draw on our own experiences, community feedback, internal testing, data collected from the live game, and correspondence with friends, guildies and other players whose opinions we've grown to respect.

We also interact a lot with the other designers, because they all play the game too and many have a great deal of raiding or PvP experience. They come to our meetings or just drop by with an idea or a piece of feedback. That goes for the rest of the WoW team, and in fact all of Blizzard. We are extremely collaborative and not particularly hierarchical.

Our designers tend to be fairly technical as the industry goes, and some of us know a little programming, but typically we aren't writing actual code though we do write scripts and make data queries if you understand the distinction.

The programmers are a separate but equal department. They do write code and they are extremely talented, sometimes intimidatingly so. We ask them for new features or code changes that would improve the game and they tell us what is feasible, what is risky, and suggest alternative ways to get what we want. They are all gamers too so it's really a back and forth process as we work on an idea together until we come up with something we are happy with.

The process is similar for interacting with artists, or really any other component of the team. The big secret of WoW's success is that Blizzard just manages to hire very, very good people who "get it." Source 

Hire more developers!
Whatever your list of problems with WoW looks like, I can assure you ours is much longer. We are very hard on our own design and we don't think there is a single aspect of WoW that can't be improved. If you sense a problem in the game, particularly one that has been around a bit, it is almost certain that we know about it and just haven't gotten to it yet. Sometimes players suggest that we do hire 100 class designers so that we can get even more changes into the game. That isn't a good idea for a couple of reasons. One, we already change the game faster than some players can realistically handle and we give them whiplash. Second, I just said that WoW's secret is that we hire great people. We can't hire up too quickly without diluting our talent pool, and even great new hires need some time before they really understand our philosophies. Just as WoW's art has a consistent style, so does the rest of the game, and learning that takes time. Source 

Battlegrounds
Objectives in the new Isle of Conquest Battleground
As for skipping objectives ... that is something we've thought about. In this particular battleground, the objectives are more of a strategic choice and less of a "you must cap them all" scenario. Though kudos will be in order for those who manage to take all of the unique objectives. 

[...] The whole battleground is designed with the intention of you seizing your goal. So yes, rush to the hanger and acquire the airship so you can assault the enemy keep. Or rush to the factory, and claim it, so you can bring the walls of the enemies keep down around their ears. Don't think for an instant though, that you're going to be able to win the day without the assistance of at least one of the three offensive locations.

As for reinforcements and why you should hold the resources that garner them. We don't have a fixed number to give for their totals just yet. However, the Oil Derrick and the Cobalt Mine aren't just conduits for reinforcement acquisition. They also give you honor. The longer you hold either of them, the more honor you're going to amass - win or lose. Source 

Airships in the Isle of Conquest
The airship will have a set flightpath, though you will need control of the hangar to be able to get on board. Source 

Classes
Balancing classes
When we make balance changes, we don’t always provide advance warning. If it’s something coming in a future patch, we might offer a preview. If it is something that is currently a problem AND it is easy for us to fix not everything is, then we act on it. We see no reason to sit on a balance change for a week just so the medicine goes down easier. That isn’t fair to everyone else that isn’t your class. Source 

Crushing Blows and Blocking
Crushing blows were basically like another way for mobs to crit -- sometimes and you didn't know when a really big hit was going to come. It might have made healing exciting but the only way to handle it tanking was to randomly throw up your short cooldown defenses and hope that sometimes they overlapped. Of course sometimes you'd get a crushing blow right after a normal hit and a special attack and you'd be liquid.

The way more bosses work these days is that a big hit is going to come at reasonably predictable intervals. If the intervals aren't predictable, at least they have cooldowns so you know when they aren't going to happen. Then timing the use of your cooldowns with these big hits is a test of skill for the tanks, and often the healers.

We recognize that blocking no longer provides the mitigation it once did, and we think that is a problem. But we don't think bringing crushing blows back is the way to fix it. Source 

 Hunter 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Hunter DPS in PvE
We think Survival PvE dps is in a good place, and we're hoping Marks looks better with the last recent tweaks. It's just a little early to tell. BM is still low and needs a buff. Source 

Hunters in PvP
PvP is another story and we're not happy with hunter performance there, at least in Arena. Source 

 Paladin 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Vindication
Vindication was overpowered. Period. Trying to portray it as a misguided nerf based on us not understanding the mechanic is unlikely to be effective at getting the nerf reverted. When we announced this change, the typical forum response was “Thank goodness.” Now you can try and spin that as community being misinformed about how the talent works that happens sometimes. You can try to spin that as the community just hating you and wanting to see your class destroyed. In this case we find both of those explanations unconvincing.

Health is not stamina, but the two are closely related. The fact remains that Vindication did the equivalent damage of a very big hit. Source 

[...] The design of Vindication was not for killing healers. The design was that you could debuff your opponent. The mana and health consequences of the debuff were so severe that they totally overshadowed lowering the target's damage by decreasing their Str or Agi.

Next patch we will more than likely change the talent to be a debuff that feels more like a debuff and is usable in PvE and PvP. Source 

 Shaman 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Totem Mechanics
We've already announced our intention to change some of the totem mechanics.

I will however touch on one thing. If totems have super-gigantic ranges then their position matters a whole lot less at least in PvE where they are rarely in danger. They become a whole lot more like other types of buffs. When and where you place them is supposed to matter. The design intent of totems is not that they are pretty much irrelevant to playing the class. That's not what the shaman is all about. Source 