Boubouille2009-07-10, 10:38 PMVal'anyr Stats changes in 3.2
As mentioned in the patch notes update earlier tonight, Val'anyr has been boosted in patch 3.2. Below are the new stats.

Item Level has been increased from 239 to 245
Stamina has been increased from 52 to 55
Intellect has been increased from 54 to 57
Spell Power has been increased from 587 to 621
Critical Strike Rating has been increased from 47 to 50
Haste Rating has been increased from 46 to 49


 

Trial of the Crusader - Updated Test Schedule
Here's the current schedule for Trial of the Crusader PTR testing:

On the European test realms:

Faction Champions - Saturday Night, July 11, starting at 19:00 CEST.

The issues that were preventing raid testing on the North American PTRs are still not fully resolved. We're looking into alternative means of enabling testing on these realms. I'll update this thread when I have more information.

Note that only the 10 Player and 25 Player difficulties will be available on PTR. The Heroic versions will not be available. If you are usually part of raids that easily crushes Ulduar Hard Modes, you should find the non-Heroic difficulties to be not difficult.

Koralon the Flame Watcher is also available to be tested in the Vault of Archavon depending on PTR Wintergrasp status.

Test Patchwerks Tank and DPS versions will also be available in the Argent Coliseum during similar times to other bosses. Instead of the previous tank test patchwerk that increased melee damage over time, the 3.2 tank test patchwerk will just hit VERY hard as hard as Algalon all the time to allow for more lengthy sustained tank parses. We're always interested in seeing combat logs and parses for all raid testing on the PTR, but especially test patchwerk logs. These are extremely helpful to our class team.

This schedule could change at a moment's notice due to server, bug, or patch status. I'll try to keep everyone informed as much as possible. The Trial of the Crusader and the bosses to be tested will remain also open a variable length of time. How long they stay open depends upon a host of factors including designer availability, bug status, etc. These bosses are very much a work in progress, and this is a test server.

Quick Trial of the Crusader FAQ:

Q Where's all the trash?
A There isn't any in this raid zone. Really.

Q Where's the loot?
A Loot is present on the bosses, but note that many of the items do not have final art.

Q What about achievements?
A Most of them are implemented, but there are a few still remaining.

Q What about the Trial of the Champion ie the 5 player dungeon?
A This will be available for testing quite soon.