Boubouille2009-07-16, 07:02 PMUpdate - Added PTR Raid and Dungeon Testing July 16 

Patch 3.2 PTR - Build 10116
A new build has been deployed on test servers, stay tuned for more changes as we update this news.

Talent Calculator
The Talent Calculator  has been updated to the latest build.


 


Achievements Changes
I've Had Worse  - Defeat the Black Knight in the Trial of the Champion on Heroic Difficulty without any player in the group being hit by a ghoul explosion.
Not One, But Two Jormungars  - Defeat Acidmaw and Dreadscale within 10 seconds of each other
Salt and Pepper  - Defeat the Twin Val'kyr in 3 minutes or less in 25-player mode.
The Traitor King  - Kill 40 Swarm Scarabs within 30 seconds in 25-player mode.

Spell Comparison
Tier 9 Bonuses
Item - Druid T9 Feral Relic Lacerate, Swipe, Mangle, and Shred  now only affects your Cat Form's Mangle and Shred abilities. 
Item - Paladin T9 Retribution Relic Seal of Vengeance  now also affects Seal of Corruption.

Items
Greater Inscription of the Crag  now restores 5 mana every 5 seconds. Up from 4
Greater Inscription of the Crag  now restores 8 mana every 5 seconds. Up from 6
Arcanum of Blissful Mending  now restores 10 mana every 5 seconds. Up from 8 

Enchanting
Enchant Chest - Greater Mana Restoration  now restores 10 mana every 5 seconds. Up from 8 
Enchant Boots - Greater Vitality  now restores 7 mana and health every 5 seconds. Up from 6
Enchant Bracer - Restore Mana Prime  now restores 8 mana every 5 seconds. Up from 6
Enchant Boots - Vitality  now restores 5 health and mana every 5 secondS. Up from 4
Enchant Chest - Restore Mana Prime  now restores 7 mana every 5 seconds. Up from 6
Enchant Bracer - Mana Regeneration  now restores 5 mana every 5 seconds. Up from 4

 Druid 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Maim  spellcasting interrupt effect is now restricted to non-player targets. 
Bash  spellcasting interrupt effect is now restricted to non-player targets. 

 Paladin 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Protection
Hammer of Justice  spellcasting interrupt effect is now restricted to non-player targets. 

 Shaman 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Call of Air  has been renamed to Call of the Spirits 
Call of Water  has been renamed to Call of the Ancestors 
Call of Fire  has been renamed to Call of the Elements 
Call of Earth  has been renamed to Totemic Recall 

Elemental
Earth Shock  no longer interrupts spellcasting or silence the target, now reduces melee attack speed by 10% for 8 sec. Silence/Interrupt has been moved to Wind Shear 
Reverberation  now affects Wind Shear.
Maelstrom Weapon  now affects Hex. 

PTR Raid and Dungeon Testing July 16
Here's the current schedule for Trial of the Crusader PTR testing:

On all realms:

The Trial of the Champion dungeon will be available shortly after the PTR coming up.

On the North American test realms:

[b] Lord Jaraxxus - Thursday Night, July 16, starting at 7pm EDT. Normal Only.
Northrend Beasts - Friday Night, July 17, starting at 7pm EDT. Normal and Heroic.
Faction Champions - Friday Night, July 17, starting at 7pm EDT. Normal and Heroic.

On the European test realms:

Val'kyr - Friday Night, July 17, starting at 19:00 CEST. Normal and Heroic.
Lord Jaraxxus - Friday Night, July 17, starting at 19:00 CEST. Normal and Heroic.
Anub'arak - Saturday Night, July 18, starting at 19:00 CEST. Normal and Heroic.

Some of the tests will have multiple bosses and difficulties available for testing, as noted above.

Test Patchwerks Tank and DPS versions will also be available in the Argent Coliseum during similar times to other bosses. Instead of the previous tank test patchwerk that increased melee damage over time, the 3.2 tank test patchwerk will just hit VERY hard as hard as Algalon all the time to allow for more lengthy sustained tank parses. We're always interested in seeing combat logs and parses for all raid testing on the PTR, but especially test patchwerk logs. These are extremely helpful to our class team.

This schedule could change at a moment's notice due to server, bug, or patch status. I'll try to keep everyone informed as much as possible. The Trial of the Crusader and the bosses to be tested will remain also open a variable length of time. How long they stay open depends upon a host of factors including designer availability, bug status, etc. These bosses are very much a work in progress, and this is a test server.


Quick Trial of the Crusader FAQ:
Q Where's all the trash?
A There isn't any in this raid zone. Really.

Q Where's the loot?
A Loot is present on the bosses, but note that many of the items do not have final art.

Q What about achievements?
A Most all of them are implemented now.