Boubouille2009-06-04, 12:15 PMWorld First Conqueror of Ulduar
Vicarious  US-Area 52 was the first guild to complete the Conqueror of Ulduar , even if the immortal achievements arent as hard as the ones in Naxxramas it still takes a lot of time to learn the encounters and keeping everyone alive in 25-Man is never easy. Congratulations to them.


 

Recent In-Game Fixes - 06/02
Not really sure why I missed this one yesterday, I'll just blame it on Ensidia killing stuff. 

06/02/09
Runic Power costs will no longer be lowered by abilities intended to lower mana costs.
The Leviathan MK II’s Self Repair will no longer be canceled when VX-001 casts Spinning Up. 

Blue posts
Weekly Wintergrasp quests reset
They reset at the same time as instances like Ulduar and Naxxramas during the weekly maintenance. Source 

Authenticator - Sold Out!
We continue to make more authenticators and will have them available in the online store as soon as we can. Unfortunately I don't have an eta to provide, but keep an eye out, they will be back. Source 

[US] Compensation for the extended downtime this week
We will be providing additional information on compensation for those who experienced large amounts of down time yesterday in the very near future. Source 

Non-mana users can't buff before the start of an Arena match
It's a bug and seems to affect non-mana users. If the rogues would start buffing people they'd probably notice too. Source 

Classes Q&A Sessions
Yes I think there is some confusion here. Nobody from any Community team is assigned to just one particular class. We monitor the forums of all classes, and collect feedback from all classes too.

In the case of our current Class Q&A series, we are collecting questions from all classes across every WoW region in the world, and sending them through to our developers to be answered. We're not making major edits to the questions, so they are being sent pretty much as they are as long as they are actual questions and not veiled suggestions! So don't worry, we don't necessarily need to be an expert in your class to collect your questions. Source 

 Druid 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Skin tones and Bear/Cat Forms
Based on the current looks of tauren, I believe there are a total of 19 different skin choices for male tauren, and 11 skin choices for tauren females. Many similar tones will share the same bear and cat forms though. We're looking to release a break down of the tauren skin tones and night elf hair colors, as they correspond with the different cat and bear form color options, shortly after the new night elf cat form art is released. 

[...] Some of the skin tones and hair colors share the same forms, so while there are 19 male tauren skin tones, 11 female tauren skin tones, and 8 night elf hair colors, the total number of form color combinations is very close amongst them. Source 

 Paladin 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Healing as a Paladin
This topic has strayed a little bit from "Why are there healing niches?" to "I am a paladin healer and I hate my class."

Look, we get that....
1 Stacking mostly Int isn't fun.
2 Having 70%+ overheal isn't fun.
3 Focusing so much on the main tank in a raid isn't fun.
4 Casting nothing but Holy Light isn't fun.

We do have some ideas for how to fix these problems. They aren't redesign-the-class level because frankly we don't think the class needs that, but the proposed changes would fix the above four problems. Understand though that part of reducing overhealing and being a more flexible raid healer might come with regen or mana pool nerfs. It is possible that the only thing keeping Holy paladins from being too good right now is their narrow focus. Source 

 Shaman 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Shamans Q&A
We hope to have the combined global Shaman Q&A posted within a week or so. Because we are trying to ensure this is posted in all regions at the same time, multiple translations have to be made and there's been a lot of questions submitted, so it's not a super fast process unfortunately, but it is being done this way with good intent. Source 

New Fan Art
New Fan Art has been added to the European site 


 