Boubouille2009-07-10, 09:40 PMPatch 3.2 PTR Notes Update
The official patch notes have been updated to reflect the changes from the latest build. 

Arenas
Beginning with season 7, players will no longer have access to the newest season's weapons or shoulder armor and will not qualify for the Gladiator title/rewards with ratings from the 2v2 bracket alone. Ratings obtained through 3v3 and 5v5 game play will be required for these rewards, while the rest of the newest season's items will remain available to players in all brackets standard rating restrictions still apply.

Items: General
Resilience: No longer reduces the amount of damage done by damage-over-time spells, but instead reduces the amount of all damage done by players by the same proportion. In addition, the amount of resilience needed to reduce critical strike chance, critical strike damage and overall damage has been increased by 15%.

 Death Knight 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Blood of the North: Reduced to a 3-point talent. Increases Blood Strike and Frost Strike damage by 3/6/10%. There is now a 33/66/100% chance whenever you hit with Blood Strike or Pestilence that the Blood Rune will become a Death Rune when it activates.

 Druid 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Swift Flight Form: Druids who have acquired a mount able to go 310% flight speed will now also go that speed while in this form.

 Hunter 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Snake Trap: The Mind-numbing Poison effect has been reduced to a 30% increase in casting time, down from 50% to match similar effects.

 Mage 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Mirror Image: Images will no longer trigger the death sound when their time expires.

 Paladin 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Shield of Righteousness: Now deals 100% of shield block value as damage instead of 130%. In addition, the benefit from additional block value this ability gains is now subject to diminishing returns. Diminishing returns occur once block value exceeds 30 times the player's level and caps the maximum damage benefit from shield block value at 34.5 times the player's level.

 Shaman 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Earth Shock: Redesigned. This spell no longer interrupts spell casting, but rather reduces melee attack speed by 10% for 8 seconds exclusive with similar effects such as Thunder Clap.
Wind Shock: Has been renamed Wind Shear and no longer shares a cooldown with Flame, Frost or Earth Shock.
Maelstrom Weapon: Now also has a chance to reduce the cast time of Hex.

 Warrior 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Shield Slam: The benefit from additional block value this ability gains is now subject to diminishing returns. Diminishing returns occur once block value exceeds 30 times the player's level and caps the maximum damage benefit from shield block value at 34.5 times the player's level.

Engineering
Flying Machine: The level requirement needed to learn how to build and use this machine has been reduced to level 60, down from level 70, and the engineering skill level reduced to 300, down from 350. Material costs reduced.

Items
Tome of Cold Weather Flying: New heirloom item. Players who have reached level 80 can now purchase this book for 1,000 gold from Hira Snowdawn, the Cold Weather Flying Trainer in Dalaran. Similar to other heirloom items, this item can be mailed to other characters of the same realm, account and faction. The book is consumed when read training the character in Cold Weather Flying. Requires level 68. 
Val'anyr, Hammer of Ancient Kings: This item's stats and level have been increased to match the power level of healer weapons coming from the Coliseum 25-person normal difficulty instance. In addition, each time Val'anyr is equipped, Blessing of Ancient Kings will be placed on a 45-second cooldown before it can occur.

Isle of Conquest Changes - 07.10
The following changes have been made to Isle of Conquest. Some of these changes may appear in the build going live today, while others might not make it in until the next build.

Added a new powerful AoE attack to the Generals.
Added bonus honor for destroying a gate note: this honor is only given out once when the first gate is destroyed. Destroying additional gates does not grant additional honor.
Increased the range of the Flame Turrets on the Siege Engines.
Decreased the starting reinforcement count from 400 to 300.
Achievements for the zone should all work correctly now.
Fixed a bug that could cause the Keep Cannons to be unable to be repaired and despawn.
Fixed a bug that was causing the alliance gate to not have collision at the start
Lowered the movement speed of the glaive thrower again.