Boubouille2009-07-01, 09:31 PMBlizzard trademarks "Cataclysm"
A few days ago Blizzard filed a trademark for "Cataclysm" on the United States Patent and Trademark Office website. Cataclysm was registered for :

Entertainment services, namely, providing on-line computer games; providing computer games that may be accessed via a global computer network; and providing on-line information in the field of computer gaming entertainment
Comic books, computer game strategy guides, trading cards, coloring books, adhesive stickers, rub-on transfers, notebooks, stationery-type portfolios, posters, greeting cards, calendars, instructional leaflets in the field of computer games, computer game instruction manuals, catalogs in the field of computer games, advertisement boards of paper or cardboard, photographs, art prints
Computer game software and related instruction manuals and guides sold together as a unit; downloadable computer game software; interactive multimedia computer game program; mousepads

Below is a small extract of the Latest Status Info on the Trademark Applications and Registrations Retrieval TARR Website http://tarr.uspto.gov/servlet/tarr?regser=serial&entry=77769006

---------------------------------------------

LAST APPLICANTS/OWNERS OF RECORD
Blizzard Entertainment, Inc.
16215 Alton Parkway
Irvine, CA 92618
United States

GOODS AND/OR SERVICES 
Class Status: Active
Computer game software and related instruction manuals and guides sold together as a unit; downloadable computer game software; interactive multimedia computer game program; mousepads

2009-06-30 - New Application Office Supplied Data Entered In Tram

2009-06-30 - New Application Entered In Tram

---------------------------------------------

So ... What does it mean? Well, Wrath of the Lich King was trademarked a few weeks before the Blizzcon, we're not going to jump to conclusions here but WoWWiki will most likely give you a few things to think about on their Great Sundering http://www.wowwiki.com/Great_Sundering article.

The Great Sundering, also known as simply the Sundering or the Cataclysm was a world event which reshaped Azeroth approximately 10,000 years ago at the end of the War of the Ancients. This event was triggered due to the Well of Eternity being destroyed.

Prior to the Sundering, there was only one continent on Azeroth, referred to as Kalimdor. In the catastrophic explosion, eighty percent of the land mass was destroyed leaving behind the major continents and scattered islands that are known today: Northrend, Kezan, the Eastern Kingdoms, and the remnant still referred to as Kalimdor.

The site of the Well of Eternity became a swirling vortex of power known as the Maelstrom. 

A few days ago, one of our user also spotted a test server named "Maelstrom 3 Test" in the US server list it only showed up for a few seconds, see This post http://www.mmo-champion.com/index.php?topic=68186. If the expansion is indeed The Maelstrom/Cataclysm, we can expect to see a few things here:

Sargeras http://www.wowwiki.com/Sargeras and/or Deathwing http://www.wowwiki.com/Deathwing
Azshara http://www.wowwiki.com/Queen_Azshara
Goblins!