Boubouille2009-08-01, 03:07 PMPatch 3.2 - Tier 9 Armor Sets
The page for the Tier 9 Armor Sets  is finally available.


 

Upcoming Upper Deck TCG Mount Changes
I announced that a few weeks ago, this is now confirmed.
In the upcoming content patch 3.2, Call of the Crusade, we are changing the Upper Deck Trading Card Game mounts to be Bind-on-Use instead of Bind-on-Pickup. This will allow players to sell newly redeemed TCG mounts in-game through the trade window, Auction House or via CoD. The primary goal behind this change is to help reduce the number of players who are getting scammed by trading for an invalid mount code. As part of this update, the NPC vendor functionality currently in place for these mounts will be removed, and instead the mount both epic and non-epic when applicable, will now be immediately placed in your inventory upon the verified redemption of the code. If you have already redeemed one of these codes and have not purchased both the epic and non-epic versions from the vendor window, it's important that you do so before the patch is released.

This update will affect the Spectral Tiger, Swift Spectral Tiger, X-51 Nether-Rocket, X-51 Nether-Rocket X-TREME, Big Battle Bear, and Magic Rooster Egg. Items that were obtained before the patch will not be affected by this change and will continue to be soulbound to the character that purchased them. 

Patch 3.2 - PTR Build 10192
Another build has been deployed on the test realms today, it really looks like Blizzard wants to release the patch next week and is trying to fix as many bugs as possible.
The PTR servers have been updated to a new build and should be available once again for testing.

You'll need to patch your client before being able to connect to the servers.

The new build on the PTR is 0.2.0.10192.

Upcoming Data Survey
We plan to begin collecting non-personal system specifications data from all World of Warcraft players again in the very near future. Players who have not merged their World of Warcraft account with a Battle.net account will see a message stating, "Submitting non-personal system information". However, those who are playing with a Battle.net account will not see this message even though the system data is being gathered. This process will run for approximately one week. Please also rest assured that this data survey will have absolutely no affect on gameplay.