Boubouille2009-07-07, 09:42 AMUpdate - This is now hotfixed on US servers and Garwal is now untamable

Hunters - Tame a Worgen Pet!
All the cool kids have a worgen pet and you know you want one too! I took the time to make a short video to explain how to tame this pet but before going into the explanation I would like to point out that this is going to be hotfixed very soon and you might not keep the pet after the fix. It's still worth trying I guess. 
As you put it Zennie, we are currently discussing this issue.

It is not intended that Garwal can be tamed while in worgen form and will be addressed via a hotfix in the near future. When we have determined how to handle situations where hunters have already tamed Garwal we will let you know.
Now that you're aware that you can eventually lose this pet, here is how you get it:

1. First you need the Alpha Worg A  / Alpha Worg H  quest. You won't be able to get the pet if you already completed this quest.
2. Find Garwal and take him down to 59% life. % might vary slightly depending on people, just do a few tests on your own.
3. Use Wyvern Sting. 
4. When there is 11 or 10 seconds left on the Wyvern Sting sleep effect, start taming Garwal. Again, the time might vary slightly depending on people.
5. The goal here is to complete the taming process right when Garwal says: Enough of this charade! 

If you did it correctly, you will have your own worgen pet! If you want even more information about this before you give it a try, make sure you check the post on Mania's Arcania 


 



<object width="560" height="370"><param name="movie" value=""></param><param name="allowFullScreen" value="true"></param><param name="allowscriptaccess" value="always"></param><embed src="" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" allowscriptaccess="always" allowfullscreen="true" width="560" height="370"></embed></object>

Patch 3.2 Mounts - Gladiator's Frost Wyrms
Today I've got a small preview of the upcoming gladiator's Frost Wyrms for you. The Furious Gladiator's Frost Wyrm will be rewarded at the end of the current season, the Relentless Gladiator's Frost Wyrm will be used for the next one. 


Furious Gladiator's Frost Wyrm

     


Relentless Gladiator's Frost Wyrm

     

Patch 3.2 - Item Comparison
One of the nice minor feature added to the game with Patch 3.2 is the item comparison, you now have a stat summary when you compare an item with your current piece of equipment hold Shift.


 

US Realms Maintenance
All realms not listed below will be undergoing our regular scheduled maintenance beginning on Tuesday, July 7thm at 5:00am PDT and we expect them to be playable by approximately 11:00am PDT.

All the realms listed below will be undergoing extended maintenance to perform network updates beginning on Tuesday, July 7th, at 12:01am PDT and we expect them to be playable at approximately 12:01pm PDT. Thank you for your understanding.

Aerie Peak, Altar of Storms, Alterac Mountains, Andorhal, Anetheron, Anvilmar, Archimonde, Area 52, Arena Tournament, Arygos, Auchindoun, Azuremyst, Black Dragonflight, Blackwing Lair, Blade's Edge, Blood Furnace, Coilfang, Dalaran, Dalvengyr, Dawnbringer, Deathwing, Demon Soul, Dentarg, Doomhammer, Duskwood, Executus, Exodar, Fizzcrank, Galakrond, Ghostlands, Gnomeregan, Grizzly Hills, Haomarush, Icecrown, Jaedenar, Kel'Thuzad, Khadgar, Lethon, Mal'Ganis, Norgannon, Onyxia, Scilla, Sentinels, Shattered Halls, Steamwheedle Cartel, Tanaris, Terokkar, The Scryers, The Underbog, The Venture Co, Thrall, Turalyon, Uldaman, Undermine, Velen, Ysera, Ysondre, Zangarmarsh, Zuluhed

Thank you! 

Blue posts
Brew of the Month
Brew of the Month is a new achievement that is being added and is part of the meta achievement. Brew of the Year is still there but is no longer part of the meta achievement. Brew of the Month can be obtained much much faster than 1 year. Source 

Random Loot in Vault of Archavon
The loot tables for the bosses in the Vault aren't determined in a manner different than those used for generating loot for creatures in every other dungeon, or in the game world as a whole for that matter. A certain number of items are programmed to drop and there's a percentage-based algorithm used to pseudo-randomly determine what loot drops, regardless of any outside factors i.e. who enters the instance first, what classes are present in the raid, who the raid leader is, etc. Source 

Emblems and Instance Drops
We are not altering the emblem system, as you suggested, because it's easier than changing the way loot tables are generated. We are altering the emblem system to allow players to choose more how they spend their time at level 80 while gearing up, increase the appeal and relevance of 5-player dungeons, and allow newcomers to the end game a better chance of getting geared for the next tier of raiding.

We feel the loot system is as fair as it is unfair and adds a bit of a need for diligence on the part of the player to seek a certain piece of gear. The Vault in particular would be a little bit too convenient if it very intelligently dropped items for the players who are present. The items that drop in the Vault are extremely good when compared to the time and effort required to kill the bosses that drop them, and we do not necessarily want players walking in with a great chance of getting such items every time they run the instance. Source 