Boubouille2009-06-17, 03:25 AMReminder - You can support this site by using MLGVoice  for your ventrilo servers! 

Update - The european PTR forums have been cleaned and the PTR FAQs have been updated , PTR 3.2 this week? 
There currently is no PTR available, so if you are trying to access the PTR and failing, this is why. Because of the differences in timezones, the PTR may become available before this message is updated. In the interests of keeping this forum relatively tidy, please reply to this thread instead of adding yet another "Is it live yet?" or "I can't access the PTR - WHY?" thread. Thanks everyone! :- 

Arena Tournament Realm Status – Online
The Arena Tournament Realm is now available for everyone that previously registered for the 2009 World of Warcraft Arena Tournament. 

Upcoming Epic Gems and Profession Changes
When the next major content patch launches we will be introducing epic quality gems and updating the perks for each profession. Please keep in mind that any of this information may see further changes before the patch launches.

The design recipes for cutting epic gems will be made available for purchase with Dalaran Jewelcrafter’s Tokens and there are several ways to obtain raw epic gems:

Prospecting Titanium Ore
Alchemy transmutations
Purchased with Honor
Purchased with Emblems of Heroism

Coinciding with the implementation of epic gems and the gain that Blacksmiths will receive through their perk from these new gems, we have gone through all of the perks in every profession and increased their values to match up accordingly.

Alchemy
The Mixology benefits from Northrend elixirs and flasks have been increased
Added a new pattern for Flask of the North, usable by players with a high alchemy skill. The recipe is purchased from the honor potion vendor. The Flask of the North increases your spell power, attack power, or Strength for 1 hour, and is usable in arenas. It is not consumed when used.
Endless Healing Potion and Endless Mana Potion no longer usable in arenas. Amount of health and mana has been increased, and the cooldown reduced. They are still usable everywhere else.

Blacksmithing
No changes will be made to this profession; it will continue to have the 2 additional prismatic sockets which can hold the new epic gems

Enchanting
Values on Northrend ring enchants increased

Engineering
Increased benefits from Hyperspeed Accelerators, Hand-Mounted Pyro Rocket, and Reticulated Armor Webbing glove modifications

Herbalism
Increased healing from Lifeblood Rank 6
Lifeblood now scales slightly with maximum health
Lifeblood no longer affected by global cooldown

Inscription
Master's Inscriptions increased

Jewelcrafting
Dragon's Eye gems stat bonuses increased

Leatherworking
Fur Lining values increased

Mining
Toughness Rank 6 provides more Stamina

Skinning
Master of Anatomy Rank 6 provides more critical strike rating

Tailoring
Embroideries improved