Boubouille2009-07-08, 11:36 PMUpdate - Added Wintergrasp - PTR Focus Testing http://blue.mmo-champion.com/13/18315577206-wintergrasp--ptr-focus-testing.html

Trial of the Crusader - PTR Testing
Here's the current schedule for Trial of the Crusader PTR testing:

On the North American test realms:

Lord Jaraxxus - Thursday Night, July 9, starting at 7pm EDT/4pm PDT.

On the European test realms:

Eydis Darkbane and Fjola Lightbane - Thursday Night, July 9, starting at 19:00 CEST.

Note that only the 10 Player and 25 Player difficulties will be available on PTR. The Heroic versions will not be available. If you are usually part of raids that easily crushes Ulduar Hard Modes, you should find the non-Heroic difficulties to be not difficult.

Koralon the Flame Watcher is also available to be tested in the Vault of Archavon depending on PTR Wintergrasp status.

Test Patchwerks Tank and DPS versions will also be available in the Argent Coliseum during similar times to other bosses. Instead of the previous tank test patchwerk that increased melee damage over time, the 3.2 tank test patchwerk will just hit VERY hard as hard as Algalon all the time to allow for more lengthy sustained tank parses. We're always interested in seeing combat logs and parses for all raid testing on the PTR, but especially test patchwerk logs. These are extremely helpful to our class team.

This schedule could change at a moment's notice due to server, bug, or patch status. I'll try to keep everyone informed as much as possible. The Trial of the Crusader and the bosses to be tested will remain also open a variable length of time. How long they stay open depends upon a host of factors including designer availability, bug status, etc. These bosses are very much a work in progress, and this is a test server.


Quick Trial of the Crusader FAQ:

Q Where's all the trash?
A There isn't any in this raid zone. Really.

Q Where's the loot?
A Loot is present on the bosses, but note that many of the items do not have final art.

Q What about achievements?
A Most of them are not fully implemented yet.

Q What about the Trial of the Champion ie the 5 player dungeon?
A This will see more extended testing later in the PTR cycle. 

Wintergrasp - PTR Focus Testing
We have implemented several new changes to the Wintergrasp outdoor PVP area, and would like to request some focused testing and feedback. Games will be running at normal intervals on the PTR.

As a reminder, here are the changes to Wintergrasp listed in the patch notes:

Wintergrasp
To provide players with a more transparent notification of when Wintergrasp battles occur, as well as better control zone population and stability, several changes have been made.

Players now have the option to queue for Wintergrasp from a Wintergrasp Battlemaster in any capital city or by simply entering the Wintergrasp zone.
Queuing will begin 15 minutes before each battle. If chosen, you will automatically be teleported to the zone. Any players in the zone who have not been chosen from the queue will be teleported out when the battle begins.
The queue system remains active for the entire battle. As soon as a player leaves, a new one will be chosen from the queue.
Trying to enter Wintergrasp during an active battle for which you have not been chosen will teleport you out. Please note that, as you are now able to fly over Wintergrasp, you will only be teleported out if you try to land and join the battle.
Level 80 players get higher priority in the queue than lower level players. In addition, a random selection of queued players will be taken from both the Battlemasters and the zone itself.
The queue will accept up to 100 players from each faction, resulting in a maximum battle of 200 players at a time.

Wintergrasp factories can no longer be damaged or destroyed.