Boubouille2009-06-29, 08:04 PMPTR Maintenance - 6/29/09
The PTRs are down for maintenance, we will possibly see a new build of Patch 3.2 deployed on PTRs tonight. Stay tuned!
We will be bringing down the PTR servers at approximately 1:30pm PST for maintenance.

This thread will be updated with more information as it becomes available. 

Upcoming Engineering Changes
We've added several new changes for engineers in patch 3.2. Some of these additions may appear in the next public test realm build, and as such, we'd like to tell you what changes are coming. Please bear in mind that some of these changes may not appear in the next test build, and all of these changes are subject to revision until patch 3.2 is officially released.

Here is the latest version of the 3.2 Engineering section which will be reflected in the patch notes on our forums and website soon:

Engineering
Added a new Mind Amplification Dish attachment for helmets, allowing engineers to control other humanoid targets. Some restrictions apply: does not work in Arenas, dish sometimes reverses targets, unable to stack with other stat-improving head enchantments and makes your helmet look... stylish?
Added a schematic for a Goblin Welding Beam that can heal friendly mechanical or vehicle units.
Alarm-o-Bot functionality changed. Materials required reduced.
Box of Bombs no longer requires an anvil.
The Cobalt Frag Bomb now incapacitates enemies within a 3-yard radius. A short cast time was added, but they are usable while moving. This change applies to any Cobalt Frag Bombs already created. The existing recipe now makes 3 at a time.
Engineers can now learn to create a portable Wormhole Generator for Northrend. The Wormhole allows them to travel to different locations in Northrend, although the locations are sometimes in dangerous places.
Increased benefits from Hyperspeed Accelerators, Hand-Mounted Pyro Rocket and Reticulated Armor Webbing glove modifications.
Increased the passive bonuses provided by Springy Arachnoweave, Flexweave Underlay and Nitro Boosts.
Increased siege damage caused by Saronite Bombs and the Global Thermal Sapper Charge.
Mote Extractor now has innate tracking for gas clouds while it is in your inventory. Tracking of gas clouds has been removed from goggles.
A new repair bot has been added, and his name is Jeeves. He is the ultimate gentleman robot butler, able to perform all the mundane tasks of repairing, selling and buying junk for your entire raid. Additionally, he can open bank boxes for skilled engineers 350+. Jeeves is not destroyed when used, but due to pressing engagements, can only be summoned once an hour. The schematic for this handsome robot was said to be hidden within the parts of another robot – hoping to be found by an engineer one day.
Nitro Boosts: Now have a 5-second duration.
Potion Injectors now increase the amount gained by 25% when used by engineers. Quantity produced by recipes for Runic Healing and Mana Injectors has been increased.
Reduced the materials needed to create all engineering Dragonlings, and reduced their cooldowns, although they still cannot be used in Arenas.
Significantly reduced the cooldown on MOLL-E.
The Spynocular belt attachment has been changed to a Frag Belt. The Frag Belt periodically produces a Cobalt Frag Bomb that can be used from the belt every 10 minutes never runs out!.
A Steam-Powered Auctioneer has been added to the Dalaran Like Clockwork engineering shop, allowing access to one's faction Auction House. The Steam-Powered Auctioneer was programmed with a superiority chip, and will only interact with Grand Master engineers.
Transporter devices are no longer classified as trinkets and can be used directly from your inventory.
The Ultrasafe Bullet Machine and Saronite Arrow Maker schematics have been simplified to create a full stack of the appropriate ammunition. No longer requires an anvil. Reduced the materials required to make this ammunition.