Boubouille2009-07-05, 08:01 AMPatch 3.2 Companion Pets
This patch will have its share of new companion pets and most of them have been discovered on PTRs now.

Oracle / Wolvar Orphans
Curious Wolvar Pup  and Curious Oracle Hatchling  are the new pet rewards for the Children's Week  These orphans have their own questlines in Northrend 

Playmates! 
The Bronze Dragonshrine 
Home Of The Bear-Men 
The Dragon Queen 
The Mighty Hemet Nesingwary 
A Visit To The Wonderworks 
Back To The Orphanage 

You will receive a mail a moment later with your Wolvar/Oracle pet attached.


   

Shimerring Wyrmling
The Shimmering Wyrmling  is sold by the Silver Covenant and Sunreavers Quartermasters, you can buy it for 40 x Champion's Seal  It isn't bound on pick up but it can only be used by people exalted with The sunreavers / The Silver Convenant depending on your faction. 


 

Raptors
8 New raptor companion pets have been added to the game in this patch. You can find a lot of them on rare elite raptors throughout the world, the droprate is currently 100% for all of them. 

Darting Hatchling  SShot  drops from Dart  Rare Elite - Barrens
Deviate Hatchling  SShot  is a rare drop from the raptors in the Wailing Caverns instance. Barrens
Gundrak Hatchling  SShot  seems to be a rare drop from the Gundrak Raptors  in Zul'Drak. 
Leaping Hatchling  SShot  drops from Takk the Leaper  Rare Elite - Barrens
Obsidian Hatchling  SShot  is sold for 50 gold by Breanni  in Dalaran. 
Ravasaur Hatchling  SShot  drops from Ravasaur Matriarch  Rare Elite - Un'Goro Crater
Razormaw Hatchling  SShot  drops from Razormaw Matriarch  Rare Elite - Wetlands
Razzashi hatchling  SShot  is a rare drop from Razzashi Raptors  in Zul'Gurub.


       
       

Calico Cat - Calico Cat 
A new Cat Carrier probably drop from somewhere but I couldn't find it on PTRs yet, for the moment it is NOT available from Donni Anthania  in Elwynn Forest.


 

Macabre Marionette - Macabre Marionette 
This is most likely a pet linked to the new Day of the Dead  world event, this is pure speculation and there isn't any reliable information on this pet.


 

Onyx Panther - Onyx Panther 
There isn't any information on this pet for the moment, but it's linked to the Onyx Panther  achievement.


 

Jade Tiger - Jade Tiger 
There isn't any information on this pet for the moment, but it's linked to the Jade Tiger  achievement.


 