Boubouille2009-07-25, 01:18 AMUpdate - Nothing happened on PTRs tonight, we can assume that the testing is indeed on Monday. 

PTR Patch 3.2 - Build 10147
Another minor build, the live release is definitely getting closer. 

TCG Mounts Changes
As I posted earlier this week, it seems that the Trading Card Mounts Bind on Pickup Removal  is intended, all the spells used by the server to "create" the mounts in the player inventory have been changed and now point to new items.

This is probably to end all the scams going on with these mounts. I guess you will just get one mount for each code now, and will be able to use it or sell it at the auction house if you want to. 

Spell Comparison
 Death Knight 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Blood
Blood Strike  now has its total damage increased by 12.5% for each of your diseases on the target. Down from 25%

 Hunter 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Survival
Explosive Trap  now lasts for 30 sec. Down from 1 min

 Paladin 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Holy
Exorcism  now deals damage to any enemy target instead of non-player enemy targets only. 

PTR Raid and Dungeon Testing July 25
Here's the current schedule for Trial of the Crusader PTR testing:

On the European test realms:

Faction Champions – Monday Night, July 25, starting at 19:00 CEST. Normal and Heroic.

Some of the tests will have multiple bosses and difficulties available for testing, as noted above.

We’re going to try and have Test Patchwerks Tank and DPS versions available in the Argent Coliseum for testing. Instead of the previous tank test patchwerk that increased melee damage over time, the 3.2 tank test patchwerk will just hit VERY hard as hard as Algalon all the time to allow for more lengthy sustained tank parses. We're always interested in seeing combat logs and parses for all raid testing on the PTR, but especially test patchwerk logs. These are extremely helpful to our class team.

This schedule could change at a moment's notice due to server, bug, or patch status. I'll try to keep everyone informed as much as possible. The Trial of the Crusader and the bosses to be tested will remain also open a variable length of time. How long they stay open depends upon a host of factors including designer availability, bug status, etc. These bosses are very much a work in progress, and this is a test server.

Second part of Patch 3.2 available on Background Downloader
Another part of the patch is available on the background downloader, make sure you launch it to download as much as possible before the live release of the patch!


 