Boubouille2009-07-09, 04:18 PMEurope - Extended Maintenance on Wed 15/07
We wanted to inform you that during next week’s scheduled maintenance the below realms will have an extended downtime period lasting from 03:00 until 17:00, Paris time CEST.

We wanted to give you an early heads up in the event that you actively play on one of the affected realms, and also to give you an opportunity to plan accordingly.

We apologise for any inconvenience this might cause and thank you for your patience and understanding.

Balnazzar, Bloodfeather, Darksorrow, Defias Brotherhood, Earthen Ring, Frostwhisper, Genjuros, Haomarush, Hellscream, Laughing Skull, Lightning's Blade, Magtheridon, Neptulon, Nordrassil, Quel'Thalas, Ragnaros, Ravencrest, Runetotem, Shadowmoon, Shadowsong, Shattered Hand, Silvermoon, Skullcrusher, Spinebreaker, Stormrage, Stormreaver, Stormscale, Sylvanas, Terenas, The Maelstrom, The Venture Co, Thunderhorn, Turalyon, Twisting Nether, Vashj 


Scammers using MMO-Champion's name
In the past days a new type of scam appeared in World of Warcraft, and it's not a nice one. Scammers are posing as MMO-Champion and whisp people to tell them that they won a spectral tiger mount or something like that and ask them to claim their prize on a website. This is obviously a fake where the only goal is to steal your account, I felt like I had to warn people about this one since it's using the site's name. 

I think this is the first time a fansite is used in a scam and MMO-Champion is one of the biggest out there, but this might be extended to other fansites as well. Just be careful and remember that you should never give your account name or password to anyone, and never type it on any website someone linked to you, the only place to type your password is on worldofwarcraft.com, wow-europe.com, or battle.net, and only after YOU typed the URL in your web browser. Ultimately, you can just buy an authenticator from the Blizzard Store if you really want to feel safe. 


http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/news/2009/july/mmocscam.jpg

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/news/2009/july/mmocscam2.jpg

Again, we're not running any contest and probably never will because I hate having to exclude EU or US people just because of legal concerns on contests and if someone try to get your login and password in-game report him to a GM as soon as possible.