Boubouille2009-07-14, 07:20 AMIt's maintenance day! I figured it might be the time to do a small recap of the patch 3.2 posts to keep you busy while the servers are down. I probably forgot a few of them but most of the important stuff is here. Oh and just in case, this is just a recap, the patch is obviously NOT deployed this week

Patch 3.2
Patch Notes 
Patch 3.2 - PTR Build 10083 
Patch 3.2 - PTR Build 10072 
Patch 3.2 - PTR Build 10048 Items 
Patch 3.2 - PTR Build 10048 
Patch 3.2 - PTR Initial Release 
Cold Weather Flying Changes in 3.2 
Patch 3.2 Mounts 
Patch 3.2 Companion Pets 
Patch 3.2 Chest Heirlooms and Patch 3.2 Professions Changes  
Patch 3.2 Weapon Models HD Preview 

PvE
Tier 9 Models Preview + Stats 
Trial of the Crusader Raid Loot 25-Man Hard Mode Included 
Trial of the Crusader - Northrend Beast + Loot 
Trial of the Crusader - Twin Valkyrs + Loot 
Trial of the Champion 5-Man Loot Table 
Val'anyr Stats changes in 3.2 

PvP
Season 7 Armor Sets Model Preview 
Season 7 Weapons 
Season 7 Cloth Armor 
Season 7 Leather Armor 
Season 7 Mail Armor 
Season 7 Plate Armor 
Season 7 Misc. 


Upcoming changes to Wintergrasp on Test Realms
In the next PTR build we will be implementing several changes to how the Wintergrasp queue and group formations will work.

While in the queue for Wintergrasp, you will have an icon on your mini map that will allow you to leave the queue. This will function much like the current battleground queue button that is present on the mini map.
Players that queue for the Wintergrasp battle and are selected to join will be placed into raid groups upon entering the zone. These raid groups will function similarly to the battleground raid groups with a few exceptions. Players can leave it at any time, the leader can issue invites, etc. The only restriction is that if a player leaves Wintergrasp while the battle is active, they will be removed from the raid to make room for the player that will take their place.
If the battle is not active this does not happen.


Thank you all for your feedback and bugs so far, it is incredibly helpful to us. 

Blue posts
The future of Block
I feel like we've been pretty candid about its future. You can probably find my previous comments relatively easily. We think block needs to mitigate much more incoming damage per hit, but to make that change we would also need to lower tank avoidance across the board and prevent every hit from being blocked especially in situations with more than one target beating on you. To make Prot tanking more interesting, we have allowed block to become too much of a dps stat. In retrospect, we'd rather it remained a mitigation stat and that Strength was pushed up as the big warrior and paladin dps stat.

You shouldn't overly worry about outscaling content. We said from the beginning that there would be three major patches to Wrath of the Lich King. We aren't setting up a system that is going to remain on autopilot for 10 more tiers of content without our intervention. It's totally valid for players to worry about scaling, and all things considered, we'd rather have mechanics that scale well. But if those scaling problems aren't going to manifest themselves until you have item level 500 items, then you're worried prematurely.

We would like to get Prot warriors into PvP in a legitimate way, but our first priority is making sure every class has at least one viable PvP spec first. By "legitimate" I do NOT mean that you sometimes can do a 19K Shield Slam when all the stars align. That's not acceptable even if it is rare. Also consider that tanks do have a legit role acting like actual tanks when running flags or tanking AV-style NPCs. That may not be enough of a role, but I did want to point out that emphasizing BGs more and Arenas less also helps to carve out a niche for PvP tanks.

I know there are plenty of Prot warriors out there who couldn't care less about PvP. Sorry. We have to. :

We want Prot warriors to do decent damage in PvE. We don't want them to do as good damage as actual dps specs -- there needs to be a trade-off for such high survivability. This means we need threat multipliers or you won't be able to actually hold aggro. It's okay if Shield Slam can make big yet not absurd numbers, since you don't Shield Slam all that much. That's fun. As I said above though, it would probably work better if Shield Slam hit hard because your Strength was high, not because you built a gimmicky set. Source 

Avoidance changes in 3.2
The main goal of the change was to make parry not so much less attractive than dodge as an avoidance stat. Since tank avoidance is so high already, we wanted to do that by nerfing dodge a little, not by buffing parry.

This hurts druids slightly more than other tanks, but the emphasis is on "slightly." This is not the big druid nerf that some forum posters have predicted. We will continue to evaluate tank survivability and threat generation based on PTR tests with "Patchwerk" to decide if druids need to be nerfed or DKs buffed or look at Prot warrior dps or anything else.

This is also not the big avoidance "come to Naaru" that some posters predicted. Overall, we think avoidance is too high and the game would work better with lower tank avoidance, but suddenly dropping everyone's avoidance by 20 or 30% would be a very big change with many ramifications for healing and gear among other things. It would also feel like a big nerf to the many players who didn't understand why it would be better for the game in the long term. But I still expect it is coming at some point. Source 

Tanking - Threat Generation / DPS
There has been a lot of discussion about +threat moves being a crutch and tanks should just be able to hold aggro based on their dps. But that implies that your dps is as high or higher than a class or spec who can only dps. There will probably be +threat added to stances and abilities for the foreseeable future. That does not mean your dps needs to be 10% of a dps raid member. Source 