Boubouille2009-06-22, 04:26 PMGlory of the Ulduar Raider Reward Changes
The rusted and ironbound proto-drake rewards for the normal and heroic Glory of the Ulduar Raider meta achievements will be removed at a future date. We currently do not have an exact date they will be taken out, but it is possible they will be removed when patch 3.2 comes out or at some point after that. When we do decide to remove these mounts we will provide about 1 month of warning so players will have time to make some final attempts.

These mounts are designed similar to the Arena Gladiator mounts as rewards for the top tier of raiders and we will remove the rewards once we have introduced enough new and more powerful equipment to make the completion of these achievements easier than originally intended. Since these rewards are designed for such high-end game play, we currently plan to continue removing any similar rewards we make available in the future. 

Argent Crusader's Coliseum
The time to strike at the heart of the Scourge is drawing close. Clouds blanket the skies of Azeroth and heroes gather beneath battle-worn banners in preparation for the coming storm. They say even the darkest cloud has a silver lining. It is this hope that drives the men and women of the Argent Crusade: hope that the Light will see them through these trying times, hope that good will triumph over evil, hope that a hero blessed by the Light will come forth to put an end to the Lich King's dark reign.

So the Argent Crusade has sent out the call, a call to arms for all heroes far and wide, to meet at the very doorstep of the Lich King's domain and to prove their might in a tournament the likes of which Azeroth has never seen. Of course, a tournament such as this needs a fitting stage. A place where potential candidates are tested to the limits of exhaustion. A place where heroes... become champions. A place called the Crusaders' Coliseum. 

Prove Your Might
The Crusaders' Coliseum, a new raid set to open its doors once World of Warcraft's next content patch is released, will see you and your friends facing off against a series of increasingly challenging bosses, terrible monsters the Argent Crusade brought in from all over Northrend. Although the challenge is great, you will find that the prizes the Argent Crusade has to offer will make it all well worth your while.

The setup for the Crusaders' Coliseum is surprisingly straightforward. If you are familiar with the Ring of Blood quest line, you already have a vague idea of how the Crusaders' Coliseum plays out in principle. After you and your friends enter the coliseum, you will face the first of several bosses; once you've defeated a boss, you will move on to the next one. You must master the encounters one by one, until you finally face the raid's final challenge. Sound simple? That's because there is a twist.

In the "Heroic" version of the Crusaders' Coliseum, you and your raid only have a limited number of attempts for each raid lockout period, and each time your raid wipes, one of your attempts will be used up. To embark on the epic Trial of the Grand Crusader, you must first prove your worth by clearing either the 10 or 25 player version of the Crusaders' Coliseum's normal mode. After you have dealt the killing blow to the coliseum's final heroic mode boss will you be able to collect the Crusaders' Tribute, and the fewer attempts you needed to complete the Trial of the Grand Crusader, the better your reward will be.

Meet some of the Bosses
Beasts: Your first challenge will pit you against a group of terrifying beasts the Argent Crusade captured in Northrend, including but not limited to a magnataur and not one, but two jormungar wyrms.
Scourge: Some call the lieutenants of the Lich King fearsome creatures made of pure nightmare, which is doubtlessly a fitting description. How the Argent Crusade managed to capture these fiends remains a mystery; what's less mystifying is your fate should you fail to overcome this challenge.


http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/news/2009/june/coliseum-ss1-small_small.jpg http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/news/2009/june/coliseum-ss1-small.jpg http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/news/2009/june/coliseum-ss2-small_small.jpg http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/news/2009/june/coliseum-ss2-small.jpg