Boubouille2009-07-07, 09:02 PMUpdate #6 - The stats of Nightmare Tear  are now on the item DB.
Update #5 - The official patch notes have been 
with a few major changes #notes and the screenshot of the Crusader's White Horse , Crusader's Black Horse , and an unknown flying mount.


     

Update #4 - A video of the last seconds of the fight against Yogg-Saron is now available 

Yogg +0 World First Kill by Stars
After the drama of the bugged first kill, it looks like we have a real World First Kill for Yogg-Saron and this one is from ... China! Stars  TW-Crystalspine Stinger defeated Yogg-Saron without any guardian helping and got the Heroic: Alone in the Darkness  achievement according to their Armory Profiles 



<object width="560" height="370"><param name="movie" value=""></param><param name="allowFullScreen" value="true"></param><param name="allowscriptaccess" value="always"></param><embed src="" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" allowscriptaccess="always" allowfullscreen="true" width="560" height="370"></embed></object>


 

We thanks millions of Chinese wow players for your support. Nothing is impossible when we are together! We also thank Taiwan wow players for your tolerance and understanding. Hope we can share our honors with you.

Too bad that wowprogress.com will miss the world No.1 guild points-wise only, we respect Ensidia and thank Meka for those courteous comments for days or even weeks. Hopefully there won't be another one-week-delay for the next patch so we can compete with best guilds in the world on every boss rather than those hardest ones only.

We are the Stars! Source 

A video and WMO/WWS logs should be available shortly.


Patch 3.2 PTR - Build 10072
A new build has been deployed on test realms, changes will be listed below, stay tuned for updates!

Talent Calculator - Build 10072
The Talent Calculator  has been updated to the latest build.


 

Achievements
Feats of Strength
A Tribute to Immortality - In the Trial of the Grand Crusader, reach a Tribute Chest with 50 attempts remaining and without allowing any raid member to die during any of the boss encounters in 25-player mode. Mount Reward: Crusader's Warhorse SShot #1 , SShot #2 
A Tribute to Immortality - In the Trial of the Grand Crusader, reach a Tribute Chest with 50 attempts remaining and without allowing any raid member to die during any of the boss encounters in 25-player mode. Mount Reward: Crusader's Warhorse SShot #1 , SShot #2 
Realm First! Grand Crusader - Participated in the realm first conquest of the Trial of the Grand Crusader with 50 attempts remaining in 25-player mode. Title Reward: The Grand Crusader

Coliseum
A Tribute to Dedicated Insanity - In the Trial of the Grand Crusader, reach a Tribute Chest with 50 attempts remaining in 10-player mode, without any raid member ever having equipped, at any point during the boss encounters for that raid lockout, an item more powerful than those obtainable in the 10-player Trial of the Grand Crusader. Title Reward: Argent Defender
Earth, Wind & Fire 10 player - Defeat Archavon the Stone Watcher, Emalon the Storm Watcher, and Koralon the Flame Watcher within 60 seconds of each other in 10-player mode.
Earth, Wind & Fire 25 player - Defeat Archavon the Stone Watcher, Emalon the Storm Watcher, and Koralon the Flame Watcher within 60 seconds of each other in 25-player mode.
The Trator King 10 player - Use Pursuing Spikes to kill 25 Swarm Scarabs within 60 seconds in 10-player mode.
The Trator King 25 player - Use Pursuing Spikes to kill 25 Swarm Scarabs within 60 seconds in 25-player mode.
Three Sixty Pain Spike 10 player - Defeat Lord Jaraxxus while at least two Mistresses of Pain are alive in 10-player mode.
Three Sixty Pain Spike 25 player - Defeat Lord Jaraxxus while at least two Mistresses of Pain are alive in 25-player mode.

Spell Comparison
Mounts
All 310% speed flying mounts now have "extremely fast mount" in their description instead of "very fast mount".
Sea Turtle  now has - Due to her calm and steady nature, swim speed is not affected by effects that increase or decrease mount speed.
Crusader's Black Warhorse  New - Summons and dismisses a rideable Crusader's Black Warhorse. This is a very fast mount.
Crusader's White Warhorse  New - Summons and dismisses a rideable Crusader's White Warhorse. This is a very fast mount.

Tier 9 Bonus All Tier 9 Bonus 
Item - Death Knight T9 Tank 2P Bonus  - Decreases the cooldown on your Dark Command ability by 2 sec and increases the damage done by your Blood Strike and Heart Strike abilities by 5%.
Item - Druid T9 Feral 2P Bonus  - Decreases the cooldown on your Growl ability by 2 sec, increases the periodic damage done by your Lacerate ability by 5%, and increases the duration of your Rake ability by 3 sec.
Item - Druid T9 Balance 4P Bonus Starfire  - Increases the damage done by your Starfire and Wrath spells by 4%.
Item - Paladin T9 Tank 2P Bonus  - Decreases the cooldown on your Hand of Reckoning ability by 2 sec and increases the damage done by your Hammer of the Righteous ability by 5%.
Item - Warrior T9 Tank 2P Bonus Taunt  - Decreases the cooldown on your Taunt ability by 2 sec and increases the damage done by your Devastate ability by 5%.

Items All Coliseum Trinkets 
Coliseum 5 Melee Trinket  now gives you a chance to gain 1008 attack power for 10 sec. Up from 590

Alchemy
Transmute: Eye of Zul  now requires Forest Emerald  x 3 instead of Eternal Life  x 3.
Potion of Petrification  no longer requires Mountain Silversage  or Black Lotus 

Blacksmithing
Breastplate of the White Knight  now requires Titansteel Bar  x 12 instead of 10 and now also requires Eternal Life  x 8.
Sunforged Bracers  now requires Eternal Life  x 12. Up from 4
Sunforged Breastplate  now requires Eternal Life  x 20. Up from 12
Titanium Spikeguards  now requires Vengeance Bindings  instead of Corroded Saronite Woundbringer  x 2.

Engineering
Unlearn Gnomish Engineering  - Unlearns Gnomish Engineering, allowing you to choose another engineering specialization.
Unlearn Goblin Engineering  - Unlearns Goblin Engineering, allowing you to choose another engineering specialization.
Jeeves  now requires Field Repair Bot 74A  x 2, Field Repair Bot 110G  x 10 Up from 4, Scrapbot Construction Kit  x 20 Up from 10, Titansteel Bar  x 8, King's Amber  x 2, Handful of Cobalt Bolts  x 30.
Nitro Boosts  now increases your critical strike rating by 24. Old - Critical strike and hit rating by 12
Hand-Mounted Pyro Rocket  now targets enemies at long range. Cooldown reduced from 1 min to 45 sec.
Reticulated Armor Webbing  can now be used on all types of armor. Old - Only plate
Frag Belt  now let you throw a Cobalt Frag Bomb every 6 minutes. Down from 10 minutes
Cobalt Frag Bomb  now creates Cobalt Frag Bomb  x 3. Up from 1
Mind Amplification Dish  - Dismantle and reassembles a helm with a mind amplification dish, increasing Stamina by 45 and allowing you to attempt to engage in mental battle with your enemies and, hopefully, control them. Can be used every 10 min. Changes the appearance of your helm and binds it to you. Only grand master engineers can activate the mind amplification dish. 

Jewelcrafting
Nightmare Tear  has been added to the game.

Leatherworking
Black Chitin Bracers  now requires Nerubian Chitin  x 40, Abyss Crystal  x 4, Arctic Fur  x 6, Crusader Orb  x 4.
Bracers of Swift Death  now requires Heavy Borean Leather  x 20, Eternal Shadow  x 12, Arctic Fur  x 6, Crusader Orb  x 4
Crusader's Dragonscale Bracers  now requires Icy Dragonscale  x 40, Eternal Water  x 8, Arctic Fur  x 6, Crusader Orb  x 4.
Crusader's Dragonscale Breastplate  now requires Icy Dragonscale  x 40, Eternal Water  x 8, Eternal Life  x 8, Arctic Fur  x 8, Crusader Orb  x 8.
Ensorcelled Nerubian Breastplate  now requires Nerubian Chitin  x 40, Eternal Air  x 8, Greater Cosmic Essence  x 8, Arctic Fur  x 8, Crusader Orb  x 8
Knightbane Carapace  now requires Heavy Borean Leather  x 24, Eternal Shadow  x 20, Arctic Fur  x8, Crusader Orb  x 8
Lunar Eclipse Chestguard  now requires Heavy Borean Leather  x 24, Eternal Life  x 20, Arctic Fur  x 8, Crusader Orb  x 8
Moonshadow Armguards  now requires Heavy Borean Leather  x 20, Eternal Life  x 12, Arctic Fur  x 6, Crusader Orb  x 4

Tailoring
Bejeweled Wizard's Bracers  now requires Spellweave  x 8, Eye of Zul , Cardinal Ruby , Majestic Zircon , Crusader Orb  x 4.
Merlin's Robe  now requires Ebonweave  x 8, Spellweave  x 8, Dream Shard  x 8, Crusader Orb  x 8
Royal Moonshroud Bracers  now requires Moonshroud  x 12, Crusader Orb  x 4
Royal Moonshroud Robe  now requires Moonshroud  x 20, King's Amber  x 2, Crusader Orb  x 8

 Death Knight 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Rune of Spellbreaking  is no longer cumulative with additional Silence duration reduction.

Blood
Scent of Blood  now causes your next 1/2/3 melee hits to generate 10 runic power. Up from 5 
Blood Plague  now deals [ 6.325% of AP + 1.15 ] Shadow damage. Up from [ 5.5% of AP ] shadow damage

Frost
Frost Fever  now deals [ 6.325% of AP + 1.15 ] Frost damage. Up from [ 5.5% of AP ] frost damage

Glyphs
Glyph of Corpse Explosion  - Increases the radius of effect on Corpse Explosion by 5 yards.

 Druid 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Feral
Savage Roar  is now only usable in Cat Form.
Enrage  now generates 20 rage instantly and generates an additional 10 rage over 10 sec.
King of the Jungle  has an additional effect - In addition, the mana cost of Bear Form, Cat Form, and Dire Bear Form is reduced by 20/40/60%.
Primal Tenacity  no longer reduces the mana cost of Bear Form, Cat Form, and Dire Bear Form.

Glyphs
Glyph of Innervate  - Innervate now grants the caster 45% of his or her base mana pool over 10 sec in addition to the normal effects of Innervate.

 Hunter 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Beast Mastery
Animal Handler  now increases your pet's attack power by 5/10% instead of increasing its expertise by 5/10.

Survival
Deterrence  now deflect all spells. Old - Only spells cast by targets in front of you

Pets
Rake  Cat now deals 47 to 67 bleed damage and an additional 19 to 25 damage every 3 seconds at max rank. Up from 19 to 25 additional damage over 9 sec
Roar of Sacrifice  cooldown has been reduced from 2 min to 1 min.
Wild Hunt  now increases the contribution your pet gets from your Stamina by 20% and attack power by 15%. Up from 10%

Glyphs
Glyph of Arcane Shot  - Restores mana equal to 20% of your Arcane Shot's mana cost.
Glyph of Freezing Trap  - When your Freezing Trap breaks, the victim's movement speed is reduced by 30% for 4 sec.

 Mage 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Fire
Living Bomb  can now be used on multiple targets at the same time.

Frost
Ice Barrier  mana cost has been reduced from 25% of base mana to 21% of base mana.
Cone of Cold  mana cost has been reduced from 29% of base mana to 25% of base mana.
Frost Ward  mana cost has been reduced from 16% of base mana to 14% of base mana.
Frostbolt  mana cost has been reduced from 13% of base mana to 11% of base mana.
Ice Armor  mana cost has been reduced from 28% of base mana to 24% of base mana.
Ice Lance  mana cost has been reduced from 7% of base mana to 6% of base mana.
Frost Nova  mana cost has been reduced from 8% of base mana to 7% of base mana.
Empowered Frostbolt  now reduces the cast time of your Frostbolt by 0.1/0.2sec instead of increasing its critical strike chance by 2/4%.
Permafrost  now also reduces the target's healing received by 7/13/20%.

 Paladin 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Protection
Ardent Defender  now heal you up by 30% of your maximum health and the amount healed is based on defense. 

PvP Items
Hateful Gladiator's Libram of Justice  now Increases spell power of Flash of Light by 293. Up from 236
Deadly Gladiator's Libram of Justice  now Increases spell power of Flash of Light by 331. Up from 267
Furious Gladiator's Libram of Justice  now Increases spell power of Flash of Light by 375. Up from 320
Relentless Gladiator's Libram of Justice  now Increases spell power of Flash of Light by 436. Up from 404

Glyphs
Glyph of Righteous Defense  - Increases the chance for your Righteous Defense and Hand of Reckoning abilities to work successfully by 8% on each target.
Glyph of Seal of Command  - You gain 8% of your base mana each time you use a Judgement with Seal of Command active.

 Priest 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Shadow
Vampiric Touch  had its damage on dispell doubled. From 680 to 1360 at Max Rank
Devouring Plague  can now affect only one target at a time.
Dispersion  now has a 2 min cooldown. Down from 3 min
Improved Mind Blast  has an additional effect - while in Shadowform your Mind Blast also has a 20/40/60/80/100% chance to reduce all healing done to the target by 20% for 10 sec.

 Warlock 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Glyphs
Glyph of Health Funnel  - Reduces the pushback suffered from damaging attacks while channeling your Health Funnel spell by 100%.

 Warrior 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Fury
Execute  now works up to a maximum cost of 30 rage. 
Berserker Rage  now removes and grants immunity to Fear, Sap, and Incapacitate effects and generating extra rage for when taking damage for 10 seconds. 

Protection
Shield Block  now also increases the threat generated by Shield Slam by 100%. Does not increase Shield Slam damage. 
Bloodrage  now generates 20 rage. Up from 10

Arms
Sudden Death  no longer only uses up to 30 total rage. See the change to Execute

<a name="notes"></a>

Official Patch Notes Update
The official notes have been updated to reflect the changes in this build.
PvP
Lake Wintergrasp
Wintergrasp factories can no longer be damaged or destroyed.

Dungeons and Raids
Dungeon and Raid ID Extensions
In order to allow for parties and raids to progress through instances at their own pace, players can now extend a dungeon or raid ID on an individual basis.
Existing or recently expired IDs can be extended via the Social tab under Raid by clicking on Raid Info.
The ID of any instance to which a player is saved can be extended. Doing so will extend the lockout period by the same amount of time as the original lockout i.e. extending an Ulduar raid ID will add 7 days, a Heroic: Halls of Lightning dungeon ID will add 24 hours, and a Zul'Gurub raid ID will add 3 days to the lockout time.
An ID can be extended more than once.
An extension can be reversed on an individual basis provided the player does not do anything in the instance during the extended lockout period that would save that player to the instance.

Items: General
Agility: The amount of agility required per percentage of dodge has been increased by 15%. This change required recalibrating the amount of dodge a player has with 0 agility by a slight amount as well, so all players will see their dodge percentage vary a small amount.
Dodge Rating: The amount of dodge rating required per percentage of dodge has been increased by 15%. This is before diminishing returns. Combined with other changes, this makes dodge rating and parry rating equally potent before diminishing returns apply.
Parry Rating: The amount of parry rating required per percentage of parry has been reduced by 8%. This is before diminishing returns. Combined with other changes, this makes dodge rating and parry rating equally potent before diminishing returns apply. Parry still diminishes more quickly than dodge.

 Druid 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Enrage: This Bear Form ability now generates 20 rage initially, and 10 rage over the next 10 seconds. The armor penalty is unchanged.
King of the Jungle: This talent now reduces the mana cost of Bear Form, Cat Form, and Dire Bear Form by 20/40/60%.
Primal Tenacity: This talent no longer reduces the mana cost of Bear Form, Cat Form, and Dire Bear Form.

 Hunter 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Pets
Roar of Sacrifice: Redesigned. This ability can now be used on any friendly target to make that target immune to critical strikes, but the hunter pet takes 20% of all damage taken by that friendly target. Cooldown is now 1 minute, up from 30 seconds.

 Mage 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Frost
Empowered Frostbolt: Instead of increasing critical strike chance by 2/4%, this talent now reduces the cast time of Frostbolt by 0.1/0.2 seconds.
Permafrost: In addition to its existing effects, this talent now also causes the mage's Chill effects to reduce healing received by the victim by 7/13/20%.

 Paladin 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Protection
Ardent Defender: Redesigned. Any damage that takes the paladin below 35% health is reduced. This reduction applies only to the portion that pushes the paladin below 35% health example: a paladin at 50% health takes a 40% hit; the first 15% hits as normal while the next 25% is reduced. In addition, once every 2 minutes an attack that would have killed the paladin will fail to kill, and instead heal the paladin for up to 10/20/30% of maximum health depending on the paladin's defense rating example: a paladin with defense equal to only 5 times his or her level will receive no healing from the talent, while a paladin who is immune to critical strikes from boss creatures through defense will receive the maximum amount.
Guarded by the Light: This talent will no longer cause Divine Plea's duration to be refreshed by using Judgement of Wisdom, Judgement of Justice, or Judgement of Light.

Retribution
Art of War: Now only applies to melee critical hits, but will make your next Flash of Light or Exorcism instant. In addition, this talent now provides notification in the floating combat text when it activates.

 Priest 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Psychic Horror: This spell no longer has an invisible missile, so there is no travel time before the spell takes effect.

Shadow
Dispersion: Cooldown reduced to 2 minutes, down from 3 minutes.
Improved Mind Blast: Redesigned. Now, in addition to reducing the cooldown of your Mind Blast spell by .5/1/1.5/2/2.5 seconds, while in Shadowform your Mind Blast also has a 20/40/60/80/100% chance to reduce all healing done to the target by 20% for 10 seconds.
Vampiric Touch: The amount of damage done when this spell is dispelled has been doubled.

 Shaman 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Chain Heal: Jump distance increased by 25% to 12.5 yards. In addition, the amount of healing now decreases by 40% as it jumps to each new target, instead of 50%.

 Warlock 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Shadowflame: The angle of the cone effect on this ability was inadvertently very small, making it difficult to use. Its cone is now the same size as similar spells, such as Cone of Cold.

 Warrior 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Bloodrage: This ability now generates 20 rage initially, and 10 rage over the next 10 seconds. The health cost is unchanged.
Execute: This ability now never costs more than a total of 30 rage. The tooltip for Sudden Death has been revised to remove reference to that maximum, since the ability now behaves that way even when untalented.
Shield Block: Shield Slam no longer benefits from the increased block value granted by this ability. However, while Shield Block is active, Shield Slam generates 100% additional threat.

Professions
Engineering
Added a new Mind Amplification Dish attachment for helmets, allowing engineers to control other humanoid targets. Some restrictions apply: does not work in Arenas, dish sometimes reverses targets, unable to stack with other stat-improving head enchantments and makes your helmet look... stylish? This attachment provides a passive bonus of 45 stamina.
Gnomish Engineers and Goblin Engineers can now switch profession specializations for a fee.
The Spynocular belt attachment has been changed to a Frag Belt. The Frag Belt periodically produces a Cobalt Frag Bomb that can be used from the belt every 6 minutes never runs out!.

Items
Mage Tier-7 2-Piece Bonus: Now grants 25% additional mana from mana gems, down from 40%

Glyphs
 Paladin
Glyph of Righteous Defense: Now also increases the chance for Hand of Reckoning to hit.

 Shaman
Glyph of Healing Wave: The amount of healing the shaman receives is now based on the entire healing amount, including over-healing.