Boubouille2009-06-02, 05:26 PMUpdate 06/03 - 01:30PM CET - Added today's blue post. 

Updated Druid Forms - Tauren Cat
For our third installment, we'd like to offer you a look at the new art for tauren cat form. Here's a peek at the current look of cat form along with the five new textures. As a reminder, tauren will be able to change which look they use by switching skin tones in the barber shop --a new feature for tauren in the next major content patch.


Tauren Cat Form *NEW*




Night Elf Bear Form

[url=]  


Taurens Bear Form

 

Blue posts
[US] Compensation for the extended downtime
Once we have resolved this issue and the realms are playable once more, we will be assessing appropriate compensation for the additional downtime for players on the affected realms. Source 

Leviathan's Coil nerf
On the topic of Leviathan's Coil, we were originally happy with the armor value. However, when we looked at it further, we realized the entire ring was over-budget. Technically, we had spent itemization budget on armor and then split the stats again as if we had not. We decided not to keep the high armor because we didn't want to set the expectation that there would be high armor rings every tier and we didn't want players feeling like they had to go back to old content to get the only high armor ring. Source 

 Death Knight 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Death Knight tanks and cooldown
As I explained, we compared DK armor, health and avoidance to other tanks, and found that the DKs ended up in better shape than other tanks even if you totally ignored cooldowns. When you consider cooldowns, things are even more skewed.

I just didn't want potentially disgruntled players to perpetuate a myth that DK armor got nerfed because their cooldowns were too good. DK armor got nerfed because their armor was too good. Many players some DKs even argue that the cooldowns are still too good.

The short version of how we got there was that some glyphs and set bonuses ended up being better or worse than we imagined, block ended up mitigating a lot less damage than we envisioned before the Ulduar bosses actually existed, and because effective health ended up being way more important to progression than any other aspect of tanking. Source 

 Druid 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Skin Tones and hair colors on new forms
We're working on putting together a list of the skin tones, hair colors and their associated druid form skins. We hope to post it this week at some point after the final installment of the new art is revealed. Source 

Druid Questions
As a part of our class Question & Answer series, we are looking for any questions you may have concerning the Druid class and ask that you post in this thread. For more information on our Q&A series, please click here   Source 

 Hunter 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Hunter Questions
As a part of our class Question & Answer series, we are looking for any questions you may have concerning your class and ask that you post in this thread. For more information on our Q&A series, please click here-   Source 

 Paladin 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Paladin Questions
As a part of our class Question & Answer series, we are looking for any questions you may have concerning the Paladin class and ask that you post in this thread. For more information on our Q&A series, please click here   Source 

 Warrior 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Warrior Questions
As a part of our class Question & Answer series, we are looking for any questions you may have concerning the Warrior class and ask that you post in this thread. For more information on our Q&A series, please click here   Source 

Mobile Authenticator Available In Europe!
[blizzquote author=Ancilorn source=] We're happy to announce that the Battle.net Mobile Authenticator  , an extension of the same concept behind our Blizzard Authenticator, is now available in Europe.

An authenticator generates a one-time password, which you use in addition to an account ID and password to log in to World of Warcraft and other Blizzard Entertainment services. The Battle.net Mobile Authenticator performs this function for the recently launched Battle.net accounts -- only instead of a physical token, the application exists on your mobile phone for easy access.

The Battle.net Mobile Authenticator is now available as a free download for the Apple iPhone and iPod touch from the Apple App Store:  

Versions for other mobile phones are also in the works for the future. Please visit the Battle.net Mobile Authenticator FAQ for more information, or head to the setup page   to get started after you've downloaded the application.

FAQ -  