Boubouille2009-07-21, 05:57 PMUpdate -  Class Q&A Series: Druid Part 2  Also added PTR Notes update and raid testing schedule at the end of the post. 

PTR 3.2 - Build 10128
This is a minor build and most of the changes were in the Patch Notes update posted this morning.

New Halloween Masks!
I joked about that in the original post  but I didn't realize that Blizzard would actually add new masks in the next build just to create some confusion. Oh well, new Halloween masks have been added to the game in addition to the Goblins and Worgens masks from the previous build. 

This update doesn't change my view on the new races of the expansion Goblins and Worgens but I'm sure tons of people will be happy to discuss this addition. I'm not getting naked  yet. 


 

Tooltip Comparison

Achievements
A Tribute to Dedicated Insanity 10 Player  - Meet the criteria for A Tribute to Insanity without any raid member having used an item only obtainable from 25-player Coliseum, or any more powerful item.

Items
Darkmoon Card: Illusion  now absorbs 1500 damage for 6 sec up from 400 and regenerates 1500 mana when the shield is removed. Up from 1200

Blacksmithing
Titanium Spikeguards  now requires Titansteel Bar  x 8, Vengeance Bindings , Crusader Orb  x 4

 Shaman 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Earth Shock  now reduces melee attack speed by 10% for 8 sec. Up from 2 sec
Convection  now affects Wind Shear

 Warlock 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Improved Shadow Bolt  now give your Shadow Bolt spell a 20/40/60/80/100% chance to make the target vulnerable to spell damage, increasing spell critical strike chance against that target by 5%. up from 3%

 Warrior 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Commanding Shout  range has been increased from 20 yards to 30 yards.
Battle Shout  range has been increased from 20 to 30 yards.
Devastate  now causes 100% of weapon damage up from 60% plus 202 up from 121 at Rank 5. Lower ranks increased accordingly. 

PTR 3.2 - Patch Notes Update
The official patch notes have been updated once again!
Wintergrasp
Industrial Warfare: This achievement has been removed.
To provide players with a more transparent notification of when Wintergrasp battles occur, as well as better control zone population and stability, several changes have been made.
The queue will accept up to 120 players from each faction, resulting in a maximum battle of 240 players at a time.

 Death Knight
Blood Strike: The bonus damage this ability receives from diseases on the target has been increased to 25% per disease.

Engineering
Increased siege damage caused by Saronite Bombs and the Global Thermal Sapper Charge.

World Environment
Wolvar and Gorloc orphans have arrived in Dalaran and need your help! Players can find out more by visiting the Eventide District completing the quests being offered for this event will not count toward any Children’s Week achievements. Players have a limited amount of time to care for these orphans before they take their leave. They will then return again for the regularly-scheduled Children’s Week next year. 

PTR Raid and Dungeon Testing July 21
Here's the current schedule for Trial of the Crusader PTR testing:

On the North American test realms:

Anub’arak - Tuesday Night, July 21, starting at 7pm EDT. Normal and Heroic.

On the European test realms:

Val'kyr – Wednesday Night, July 22, starting at 19:00 CEST. Normal and Heroic.

Some of the tests will have multiple bosses and difficulties available for testing, as noted above.

We’re going to try and have Test Patchwerks Tank and DPS versions available in the Argent Coliseum for testing. Instead of the previous tank test patchwerk that increased melee damage over time, the 3.2 tank test patchwerk will just hit VERY hard as hard as Algalon all the time to allow for more lengthy sustained tank parses. We're always interested in seeing combat logs and parses for all raid testing on the PTR, but especially test patchwerk logs. These are extremely helpful to our class team.

This schedule could change at a moment's notice due to server, bug, or patch status. I'll try to keep everyone informed as much as possible. The Trial of the Crusader and the bosses to be tested will remain also open a variable length of time. How long they stay open depends upon a host of factors including designer availability, bug status, etc. These bosses are very much a work in progress, and this is a test server.