Boubouille2009-07-23, 07:46 AMPatch 3.2 Menu Update - Argent Coliseum
I added an Argent Coliseum category to the left menu and included a few articles here, I'll update it with more content in the next few days.

Blue posts
4 Difficulty modes in the Trial of the Crusader
No, this does not mean that Eye of Eternity or Naxxramas will have the same difficulty layout as the new upcoming Crusaders' Coliseum. The new format will only be applied to this particular tier of content.

This is sort of a test run for this format, so we will be watching the situation very carefully to see how the reaction to the new raid modes lean. 

[...] More lockouts means more opportunities for gear upgrades and the ability for our development team to really make seamless and difficult encounters without having a gimmicky activation component. We can do that and still offer a very friendly environment to players who still want to move up in gear, but don't have the time to dedicate to the more extreme content. Source 

"Next Swing" attacks
[ Warrior Q&A Quote ] Can I safely assume the same is true of Maul? 
Yes, and even Rune Strike to some extent.

On next swing attacks to the job, but not in a particularly fun or elegant way. I'd love to promise to scrap them all, but we need to come up with an alternative that we really like first.

Heroic Strike and Maul might be fine in an environment where you used up most of your rage on your normal rotation and only needed to bleed off that excess rage in unusual circumstances, after a Hateful Strike for example. Given that we haven't been able to get there consistently so far, I'm not sure it's a good idea to pin our hopes on that solution however. Source 

 Druid 3.1 Skills List  / 3.2 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Feral Itemization
We actually like the Feral solution and would love to implement something like that for Holy plate. We just haven't figured out a way to make it work yet. The Feral tree is designed to have some crossover between dps and tanking and some degree of being able to use the same gear for both cat and bear. If you could use "rogue leather" to also heal and do ranged dps, then it might be a problem. That's one of the risks in making paladins heal using dps plate. There are solutions of course, but we haven't liked any of them sufficiently well to pull the trigger.

We can appreciate that not every Feral player is going to applaud the current implementation and some would prefer another solution, such as just having tanking leather again. We're not often going to come up with a solution for any class issue that is viewed as ideal by an overwhelming majority of people who play that class. We think it has worked out pretty well. I think Feral, bear and cat, is one of the success stories of LK in PvE. 

[...] Just to be clear, creating items isn't the problem. The problem is that when a boss has a loot list that offers specialized gear for every spec and technically sub-spec in the bear case, it feels very RNG. Go beat on Emalon a little and pretend that was the only way possible to get that gear. I think you'd pull your hair out pretty quickly. 

Now maybe you meant give the itemization team some more work in the sense that we haven't come up with a solution yet that lets us drop say 20-30 types of armor off a boss without players getting really frustrated when theirs doesn't come up, without having the boss drop 10 items, or without converting the entire loot system to a token-turn in system. In that sense I'd agree with you. Source 

 Warlock 3.1 Skills List  / 3.2 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Warlock Q&A Follow-up
We don't think curses need a massive rework. Probably the biggest problem is not many can compete with CoA.

Demonology could stand a little more complexity to the rotation. It's the same problem BM hunters have, where if the rotation is simple and the pet doesn't have much to do, then you're bored, but if the rotation is complex and you get into a fight where you do have to manage the pet a lot, then you feel like you're getting pulled in multiple directions.

As we hinted at in the QA, the demon design is still more or less pick one before the fight starts. We could see a model though where you swapped them in and out more often depending on changing conditions in the fight. Demonology could then be the best at that. However we also wanted to make sure Demo had the best pet, so it's hard to have the best pet on the one hand and also want to put it away often for an Imp or Felhunter.

As with all the pure damage classes, it's relatively easy to mathematically prove who has the highest dps and the community tends to pick that spec, even if the difference is only a few percentage points. The best luck we've had is with making some specs better on some boss fights than others, but then people just tend to pick the spec who is better on most boss fights.

It would be pretty easy to punch up numbers to where the Felguard does so much damage that Demo wins out over the other specs. That doesn't really solve the problem though. We can try to get it closer to the other specs, but then inevitably a set bonus or something will push things back towards inequality again. It's not at all an easy problem to solve, from a high-level design POV. Source 