Boubouille2009-06-18, 01:39 AMUpdate - We're recruiting, see below. 

Patch 3.2 Raid - Enter the Crusaders’ Coliseum
In the next major content patch, the construction of the Crusaders’ Coliseum on the Argent Tournament grounds will be complete, and it will hold new challenges for players. We’d like to share some details on the new dungeon, which represents the next tier of content for the game, but keep in mind that this is still in development and subject to change. The Crusaders’ Coliseum will include:

New epic 10- and 25-player raid dungeon with five encounters, with each encounter being unlocked one week at a time
A more intuitive structure for harder encounters. This raid dungeon will have four different versions: 10-player, 25-player, 10-player Heroic, and 25-player Heroic, with each one using a separate lockout.
Introduction of the Crusaders’ Tribute! Each of the Heroic mode instances has a new tribute system that will limit players on the number of attempts they get in the Coliseum each week to present a greater challenge for the most battle-hardened heroes. Additional rewards can be earned depending on the number of attempts left in the tribute run each week when the final boss is defeated.
New 5-player dungeon with three encounters that will include Champion’s Seals as each one is defeated
New tier of armor and weapons that are modeled with Alliance- or Horde-specific themes 

Recent In-Game Fixes - 06/17/09
06/17/09
Once the Yogg-Saron encounter is started players outside of Yogg-Saron's area will begin to go insane, after 15 seconds.

MMO-Champion is now recruiting!
MMO-Champion is recruiting, and this time for real. I'm looking for a few people 2 or 3 at most to help updating the site and posting news. 

Decent English writing skills.
Autonomy, I won't be always around to tell you what to do. I hate doing that 
Good knowledge of the game and its mechanics, knowing a few things on how the game works is also a plus. WDB/DBC Files structures, etc ...
Basic underestanding of HTML, you don't have to be a web genius I'm not but we'll have a problem in our hands if you can't edit my articles.

And before you ask, yes, this is potentially a paid position. We're not talking about thousands of dollars each month but there is no reason to not pay someone who is useful on the long run. It means that you won't get paid after just one week except if you do a massive overhaul of everything on the site, maybe but if you think you can totally steal my job for a few days/weeks every now and then I might have something for you. 

If you want to apply, please 
send me a mail boubouille@mmo-champion.com?subject=[Application] MMO-Champion Writer with a few information about you, past experiences on other websites, etc ...

I also need two samples of your work : 
A nice recap of all the Patch 3.2 information we already have. You can either choose to post everything in a single news or split it into multiple articles, your choice. 
A short review of a popular add-on

Please do not apply if you can't provide the two samples articles, I usually end up with more than 100 mails as soon as I post a recruitment news and good applications are easily lost in the middle of the less interesting ones. 

Also, I'm always open to offers from designers and developers who think they can add something nice to the site.