Boubouille2009-08-24, 07:14 PMBlizzard employees are already back to work and there are already a handful of blue posts related to the expansion. 

Shadowmourne is not for hunters!
Turns out that Shadowmourne for hunters was another misinterpreted joke from Blizzard. Don't blame it on me, it even was in the official recap of the panel!
Anyone capable of using a two-handed axe can use Shadowmourne.

The stat allocation may not benefit hunters or shamans as much as warriors, DKs or paladins. 


 


There is NO Cataclysm Beta for the moment
The first Cataclysm beta scam reached my mail today, time for a small warning.
As always, when there is a beta, we will announce it. Please be wary of any and all claims of a beta or alpha for the new expansion being held. 


Blue posts
Stats simplification
What we were finding is that in many cases things had just become so complicated that players were not making intelligent decisions based on their knowledge of how various stats benefited them. That sounds like what you wanted to have happened, but it really wasn't. Instead players would pull up a BiS list, or plug the item into a spreadsheet. If the answer was "upgrade" they equipped the item. We could pretty much just give the items a name and art and make all the stats not displayed.

If you were one of those players who picked up a piece and understood how armor pen vs. attack power benefited you or whether defense was still worth collecting after you had hit crit immunity, then you were in the minority. Hopefully we can get back to a system where eyeballing an item's stats has some chance of being right. Source 

Guild Leveling System
Guild advancement is based on the performance of the top 20 producers within the guild. If you have a small guild of 20 or less, then every person's contributions will count. 

[...] If you have some down days, it's not going to affect the guild progress adversely. If you have great days, you'll be up at the top. Keep in mind, this is a great way to not penalize large guilds for having a lot of members and it's also a great way for small guilds to not feel as if they need to mass recruit to keep up with the larger guilds both. Source 

No new classes for Draeneis
We didn't set out to slight the draenei. As I said on the first panel, we just didn't think any of the missing classes fit them. 

[...] While we picked some race/class combinations that were on the edgier side of things, that does not give credence to all potential race/class combinations. Draenei have a very well-rounded complement of class selections as it is, and none of the remaining classes are where we want to take the story at this time. Source 

Terrain changes in old zones
The terrain is not guaranteed to change in every zone, many zones are likely going to stay the same terrain-wise but the questing will get the clean up. Source 

Reforging
It's too early to go into a lot of detail on the new features, but the basic idea here was to make an undesirable drop possibly more desirable. It still shouldn't compete with gear that is actually itemized for you.

As an example, letting someone turn stamina into a dps stat is something we'd be unlikely to do or at least impose a lot of restrictions since that lets you turn an undesirable stat for most characters into something good.

Think of reforging more as a consolation prize or as a way to work around things like hit caps, and not the kind of thing that clever players are going to be able to use to vastly min max their character power. Source 

Leveling easier in low level zones after the revamp
Yes, there are technically fewer brand new zones and fewer levels to level up through - but - in return for this there is a much cleaner leveling experience from start to finish and many other things. Think of it like this, would you rather have this cleaner leveling system, the guild leveling system, and the new path of the titans max-level progression system or more zones/dungeons to level up through?

We want to hear your thoughts on things especially since we are doing something very different this expansion, but if things don't become constructive the thread will be locked. 

Cleaner leveling system? Are you referring to how the zones are being redone i.e. Lordaeron zone level revamp? 
Yes. The new system will avoid requiring you to run back and forth between continents to find the right quests to do. Instead there will be a natural flow all the way through. 

Also, are you guys going to increase the speed of leveling again, or is that remaining constant? 
Hard to say, just making the system flow better will probably speed it up, but I am not sure that the actual number of experience points needed will change. 

And with that in mind, lets say I roll an undead. What incentive do we have to explore say, Kalimdor? If I am a newbie starting out, and I can do everything by skipping along zone to zone in sight of the Undercity, doesn't that kinda kill the whole "big world" feel?
This goes into the "your choice" category. Would you prefer to hit all the zones in Eastern Kingdoms like Arathi Highlands and both of the Plaguelands or swing over to see what has happened in Stonetalon Mountains and Desolace? You can enjoy one area with one character and then hit the others on another too. We like the idea of giving players more options. 

 Druid 
Treants
Treants do fine damage, but it's not terribly exciting. It's nothing that couldn't be accomplished by a spell that just did damage instead. The water elemental less so the other elementals and the shaman wolves are more interesting temp pets. Source 

 Paladin 
Tauren Paladin Mount
Tauren would certainly look strange on an armored charger, wouldn't they? We're keeping this in mind. You'll see. ; Source 

Draeinei Paladin Mount
We're thinking about this, too. Source 

 Rogue
Daggers
We drop daggers in raids. The only people who are super interested in them are Assassination rogues, but they have fallen behind Combat. We might boost Assassination without buffing its burst. Probably not through a new talent. Source 