Boubouille2009-08-14, 08:47 AMAdditional instances cannot be launched
We've been undergoing infrastructure maintenance on our various databases to address the instance capacity issues for several weeks now. It's a very involved and complicated process, but a great number of realms have already seen relief. We are continuing to work on the Battlegroups that have yet to see the infrastructure changes necessary to improve the instance capacity available to players on each realm.

With that being said, I have to add that there is little to no art, development, or design involvement in fixing such an issue. They are concerned with developing and designing future content for the game and that will continue as our technical and database administrators focus on their tasks. Developers do not perform the restructuring and maintenance of our realms and databases, particularly given that we're based in California and our databases are in various locations around the world. It's a misnomer to suggest that content design focuses resources away from hardware restructuring.

Our database administrators will continue to work on the hardware structure of each database, also working closely with third parties who are helping in resolving the issue. We're working on gathering a report of the progress we've made thus far, as well as our plans in the coming weeks, and will be providing this information to our players when it is available. 

[...] You are correct in that patch 3.2 drove more players to instances further impacting the issue, however, I never claimed otherwise. I simply stated that development time doesn't need to be cut or re-focused in order to more quickly alleviate this issue. 

[...] The fact that some realms are experiencing realm capacity issues more frequently due to the patch doesn't mean it's going to hinder or delay our ability to resolve the issue. If I'm understanding you correctly, I think your statement is incorrect.

Just to be clear, most realms are not experiencing this. Some realms that may have been experiencing this in the last few months are no longer being affected. Those realms that are still suffering from instance capacity issues have, in most cases, noticed an amplification of the situation since patch 3.2 was launched. Those are the players we're seeing posting here; and for them, we're working on a progress report so everyone is aware of the steps being taken. 

[...] Restructuring our hardware across all realms and battlegroups without excessive amounts of down time is a very long and tedious process. It's definitely something that is a high priority for us to fix, but it's complicated -- even beyond my own understanding of our hardware. While we are aware that this is greatly affecting players, there is a limitation on the expedience at which such massive restructuring of our hardware systems can be accomplished. Source 

Blue posts
Transfering BoA items between factions to be allowed in the future
We don't have plans to allow this in the very immediate future. Though we are working to allow this, it's just not something we're concentraiting on in the present. Source 

Onyxia Raid Difficulty Modes
There is no Heroic mode for the 5-year anniversary Onyxia encounter. There will just be 10- and 25-player normal mode versions, both of which have an equal chance to reward the Brood of Onyxia mount. Source 

Onyxia 310% Flying Mount Drop Rate

The drop rate will be extremely low. One day I will have it, though as soon as I loot it I'll probably be struck by lightning on a sunny day and attacked by a shark, all while in the presumed comfort of my living quarters. Source 

Quel'serrar after the revamp of Onyxia
The Quel'Serrar will continue to exist... in one form or another. The compendium of dragonslaying may not be so fortunate. [...] The tier 2 helms aren't the only models we wanted to reuse, that's all I'm saying. 

Does this mean the Scepter of the Shifting Sands questline won't be doable anymore?
We haven't made a decision on what we will do with the chapter of Draconic for Dummies, that Onyxia currently drops for this quest. Source 

Is WoW getting too easy?
You know, it's actually been awhile since I've seen this particular statement. Well, off the bat, there is some incredibly difficult content in the game. Try getting "Alone in the Darkness" for example. The reward that this kind of encounter provides is also unique and not readily obtainable by anyone outside of of this encounter. I am, of course, referring to Mimiron's Head. One of the coolest flying mounts there is. In 3.2, there is also a whole new type of system for those who wish to throw their hat into the "Hardcore" club. The tribute system will met out rewards directly based on the collected skill of your entire raid group. What's more difficult than that? Oh, I suppose the fact that there are some fantastic items to be had in tribute runs really won't sway you into attempting it, so I will refrain from talking about them. Still, they are awesome items. 

Reverting the changes to WG quests to make them daily again
Returning this to a daily format could still defeat the initial intention of this change. It's not something I've heard about as of yet, but that far from precludes it from the realm of possibility. Though, I wouldn't look for this to change back to a daily format any time in the immediate future. Source 

 Mage 
Living Bomb and Hot Streak
We think Living Bomb ticks proc'ing Hot Streak was overpowered. We have said this. I think a lot of players asking why are trying to figure out what course of attack they should take to argue for buffs. That may sound cynical, but I have been reading all of these threads and many of them consist of trying to discount any reason for reverting the change so that the only course of action is to keep LB affecting HS. I even said at the time that we were trying it out.

A lot of mages seem to be assuming that we made the change because we thought mage dps was low. We made the change because we wanted Living Bomb to get a little more play. Having it affect multiple targets is a good change though and helps to do that.

Hot Streak was designed to be random. If we had wanted it to be 100% of the time, we could have designed the talent like that. Giving too many things the potential to cause Hot Streak takes the randomness out of it and just lets mages plan on it being up almost all the time. It might as well be a passive aura. Having LB ticks proc it would definitely add to its uptime, especially with LB on multiple targets.

I understand as players your goal is to try and get Hot Streak up as much as possible. But we aren't going to change the rules much to make that happen. If we think mage dps is too low, and we really don't, we'd be more likely to buff it in other ways.

I hope that clears things up, but being cynical again what I expect will happen is that this thread quickly caps and others get launched trying to argue why we made a mistake and how mages need to be buffed. That phenomenon makes us sometimes reluctant to "just answer the simple question so we can move on" requests. Source 