Boubouille2009-08-13, 01:07 AMThe Brood Mother Returns - Onyxia Raid in 3.2.2
She has lurked in her lair and done battle with the many brave adventurers who travelled to that familiar location over the years. Now, in honor of the World of Warcraft 5-year anniversary, the dreaded brood mother Onyxia is being revamped to make a return to the forefront of Azeroth, as part of our big plans for the upcoming 3.2.2 content patch.

This permanent update to Onyxia will convert the dungeon into 10- and 25-player modes. We will be adding new items to Onyxia’s loot table that have the same model as some of the classic loot from this dungeon, like Tier 2 helms, with stats updated to match the current level of content. There will be a special new item too: a normal drake-sized 310% speed flying mount modeled after Onyxia herself called an Onyxia Broodling. We will also be updating the encounter mechanics to be more fitting for modern raiding, but we can guarantee players will get to experience the frightening horror of deep breaths once again.

Then for a limited time, after the 5-year anniversary event officially begins in November, anybody who logs in will receive an Onyxia Brood Whelpling pet.

We’re very excited to bring this classic encounter back to provide a fun new experience for both new and veteran players. Further details will be available in the near future, and we will be setting up the Public Test Realms soon to help test out this fight along with all the new content we have planned for the patch. Keep an eye on the forums for updates! 

Arena Matchmaking Changes
There is currently a 2-minute queue time addition to play against a team you just played against so, 2 minutes plus normal queue time to be matched against them. This time value was 5 minutes when 3.2 was first released, but was lowered to 2 minutes in a hotfix last Friday.

The purpose of the time addition is to make it less likely that an average team doing arena games for a night isn't likely to run across the same team in many of their games for the session. We'll continue to tune the system to make sure that it doesn't feel like too much of a nuisance when there simply aren't other teams within a reasonable rating range to play against. 

3k Arena Rating Cap Removed
In the case of a tie, all tied teams are awarded. However, the rating cap was removed in patch 3.2, so the 3k cap shouldn't be an issue for the end of the season. 

Design Intent of /castrandom Macros
We allow players to use macros for convenience, especially when automating tasks that they do often. Where macros cross the line is when they are making the decision instead of the player. In the old-days, there were addons that would essentially target a player with a debuff and cure it. That crossed the line for us – the mod was playing the game instead of the player.

In the /castrandom case, players were sometimes using these macros to cast the ability that wasn’t on cooldown without having to recognize this fact or hit the right button. Players using this system had an unfair advantage against players that weren’t. Instead of having to cope with the complexity built into the class, players could just spam one key and have the game “do the right thing.”

We recognize that in some cases, certain classes are probably over complex or else the default WoW UI doesn’t provide the information you need in a form where you can quickly notice that say an ability has proc’d or another is on cooldown. In these cases, we would like to fix the class or UI problem, not require all of our players to use macros to get around the limitation. You can help us identify those situations where you feel overly-dependent on a /castrandom macro so we can start to address those problems.

We also recognize that players sometimes used /castrandom for options that were truly random and with no gameplay consequence, such as picking a random polymorph animal, companion or mount. In these situations, we want to give you specific commands you can use to get the desired functionality. We have no problem with you rolling the dice in this manner. 

Blue posts
Experience in Battlegrounds Too Low?
This is something we're watching very closely and right now we'd be inclined to agree that there are some battlegrounds where we may need to boost the amount of experience awarded. However, that isn't to say that all battlegrounds are less than they should be. Still, we are looking at adjusting the experience sometime in the near future. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/1/19109958094-bg-xp-sucks.html

Balancing Arena Brackets
The 2s bracket has two flaws built into its design. One is that it tends to select for those classes who have a lot of different options and utility built into one class. Since your team is just one other guy, and he or she is often going to be focused or CC'd, you can't rely so much on your teammate's abilities. You have to rely on your own abilities. What players kept asking for, and the direction we realized we were taking, was just to give more and more abilities to more and more classes so that everyone had everything. We don't think that's good for class design long term. Arena is intended to be about teamwork not self-sufficiency.

The second problem is the relative balance of power of healing. If a healer can keep themselves and one other person alive in 2s, then they probably can't keep three people alive in 3s. That tends to squeeze healers out of 3s. On the other hand, if a healer can keep a three-player team alive, then they can probably keep a two-player team alive trivially.

We didn't remove the 2s bracket from the game. If you like it, it's still there for you. But we wanted to be able to focus more of our balance effort on the 3s bracket and wanted more of the high-end potential gladiators to focus their balance feedback and effort on that bracket as well. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/19110028011-is-3v3-and-5v5-any-more-balanced-than-2v2.html

Differences between Arena Brackets


Think about it this way. We offer 10 and 25-player raids in the hopes that players who like smaller groups or larger groups can both find something that suits them. We could take that to extremes and also offer a 15-player raid or still offer 40-player raids too. But the more of these options we add, the more effort it takes to balance them all and the bigger chance that something will break at one of the extremes.

We think 3s and 5s will ultimately offer a better play experience. But we have supported 2s for a few years now and some players have grown to enjoy them, so we thought it was overly harsh to just cut them from the game. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/19110028011-is-3v3-and-5v5-any-more-balanced-than-2v2.html

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/images.gif Mage 
Buffing Arcane
I said we wanted to buff Arcane but wanted to do so without adding back some of the fast burst damage that we have worked hard to reduce in PvP. We agree that it's worth changing things that can be really frustrating to play against even if it doesn't reward the other guy with high representation or ratings. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/19110337605-gc-you-cannot-buff-arcane.html

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/ipriests.gif Priest
Glyph of Mind Flay
I'm almost positive that the way it works is the glyph leaves a 10% snare on Mind Flay today on live the glyph didn't change in 3.2. The reason is because we thought it might cause a lot of bugs related to whether a target was officially snared or not. A 10% snare isn't particularly useful but it is noticeable.

What we're talking about is changing the glyph to not affect the default snare at all. The glyph would just boost range. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/19110417500-glyph-of-mind-flay-slow-reduction-removed.html

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/iwarlocks.gif Warlock
Buffing Demonology
The context was how do you find 3 distinct niches for a dps class such that each of the trees has its moment to feel special and shine yet over the course of a raid tier, all 3 feel like they do about the same dps. That's a really challenging goal.

It wasn't a "buff Demo" discussion as much as what the roles should be for pure dps talent trees, unless you fall back on the classic "PvP, PvE and the spec nobody takes."

If we buffed Demonology, and we buffed it too much even if it was only on some fights then what you'd probably see is most raiding warlocks shift to Demo. This is exactly what happened when we made Survival better than Beastmaster. What does that really accomplish other than giving players whiplash and perhaps giving those players who really just love a certain spec a little bit of time in the sun? 

[...] I think Demonology has a lot of cool and useful abilities. It's pretty fun to level with. But players understandably get very focused on max potential dps, and Demo currently doesn't offer that.

We're all for making fun trees, and just having the trees be fun is enough for a lot of players who aren't necessarily focused on end-game progression. But we recognize that a lot of players are focused on end-game progression, and at this day and age, even the players who aren't get bombarded by it. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/19110418195-gc-why-do-u-keep-bringing-this-up.html