Boubouille2009-08-29, 07:22 AMRecent In-Game Fixes - August 2009 - 08/27
Listed below are recent fixes we have applied to the game. Keep in mind that some of these changes may not be active until after the realm has been restarted.

To review previous in-game fixes, please visit: http://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/thread.html?topicId=18031081949&sid=1

8/27/2009
Individual players will now only be able to build a vehicle in Wintergrasp once every two minutes.
Characters who are in vehicles now receive quest credit for the daily Call to Arms quest.


Blue posts
Player vs. Player
Unrated Battlegrounds
Unrated BGs aren't going away. In fact, you'll have access to slightly more than you did in the past even just through unrated bgs. So, it should continue to be a great way to spend 30-40 minutes when you don't have time to organize with others. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/11/19595519472-blizzard-ideology-is-flawed-re-rated-bgs.html

Arena System
Arenas are very effectively serving exactly the purpose they were created for. The arena system might be failing to provide you personally with good gear, but the system itself continues to be successful. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/11/19595519472-blizzard-ideology-is-flawed-re-rated-bgs.html

No PvP Weapons available for Honor points
...because we make the assumption that since WoW was engaging enough for 80 levels of play to get to the scenario you mention that most people aren't actually that horribly offended by doing pve content which is arguably the core of the game.

We may need to reconsider that particular philosophy if doing heroics is indeed that unappealing to many players. Although, I'm not sure how "many" players that really is TBH... forums like these are a surprisingly poor way to actually figure out what percentage of players think what about a given issue. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/11/19595379811-kalgan-your-here-pvp-weapon-answer.html

Cataclysm
Argent Tournament after Cataclysm
One thing to keep in mind is that not everybody will be purchasing Cataclysm on day zero, so the content and stories for the previous expansions needs to be there for those players as well as be there for any characters leveling up.

Because of how well the Argent Tournament allows you to gain reputation with city factions, I think it will continue to be relevant. I know some people who still head to Netherwing Ledge and get their repuation/drakes because they want to do it on a new character.

Generally speaking - spending a lot of time on new content and then making it end and disappear is not something we like to do and have to be very careful on when and how often we do it. We are changing some of the classic continent because they have been there for 5 years so we feel it's okay to change it around after all this time.

The Onyxia example is a special circumstance for the 5 year anniversary. This isn't something we plan to do for every instance. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/1/19595069701-fate-of-the-at-designing-obsolescence.html

Goblins Models
I think if you're expecting the "standard green short guy" to be the Goblins in Cataclysm, you're either going to be disappointed or pleasantly surprised, depending on whether you want them to be the same models as they currently are in game or not. Sure, they are not quite as different as the TBC Draenei were to the degenerate ones found in the Swamp of Sorrows before TBC launched, but they aren't purely recycled old models either.

From some of the concept art, I get the impression that what we've seen of the Goblins from the BlizzCon sneak peak was just the beginning... but only time will tell! Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/1/10711091122-worgen-can-transform-why-not-goblin.html

[...] I think it's too early to say whether all current NPC goblins will also get the new models. But with the pre-TBC High Elves being updated to use Blood Elf models, one can't be too sure the same won't happen for goblins too. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/1/10711191338-grinning-goblins-a-thing-of-the-past.html

Paid Race Change and Goblins / Worgens
We may add the new races to the Race Change feature, but it will probably not be something that is available immediately after Cataclysm's launch. We are putting large amounts of work into the flow and feel of leveling in the new expansion. Thus, we would be doing many players a disservice by allowing Race Changes to circumvent the leveling process early on in the expansions natural life cycle. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/1/19595520172-ok-im-confused-on-the-whole-race-changing.html

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/idruids.gif Druid 
Leveling as Balance
We are aware that a lot of things in the original continents need some changes and this is part of what brought around the plans for the next expansion.

I leveled as a Boom or pew pew kin and ended up using cloth almost the whole way. It doesn't affect the leveling too much though as I was rarely in a situation where a little extra armor would bail me out - whenever I died I was pretty much way in over my head. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/1/19382697403-old-azeroth-leveling-as-balance.html