Boubouille2009-08-08, 08:27 PMTrial of the Crusader Loot List - Update #3
The Trial of the Crusader Loot List  has been updated again, all weapons now have their screenshot updated and most of the armor should have them. Additionaly, I finally had the time to add the specialization of each item and the loot list should be much easier to read now. 


 

Blue posts
Cross Faction / Faction Change ETA
We have not announced a date on which this feature will go live. Please keep an eye out for announcements about this on our homepage and amongst the stickies atop this forum that will appear as and when have more to share. Source 

+Hit and dispelling bosses
There is one legit case where it can be useful for a healer to have hit, and that is trying to dispel against a boss. I mention this because we don't like the idea at all and have plans to change it. It's not fun when you try to dispel say Fusion Punch, miss, and wipe.

In the meantime, be aware that dispels can miss in PvE against targets higher level than you which is inconveniently, bosses. Source 

 Mage 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Mage DPS in PvE
Mages aren't going to be top dps on every encounter, but they're usually up there. We're not at all worried about a Sunwell situations where mages were routinely replaced with warlocks which let's not forget was partially because warlocks buffed Shadow damage instead of damage. I think this particular card is being overplayed. 

[...] We would like to get Arcane back up there. The Living Bomb change is just going to be another reason not to play Arcane -- we get that.

I'm not sure it's possible to get Arcane to within 5% or 1% of Fire, but if we get it close enough then players who just really love Arcane will still be able to play it without feeling they are making a bad mistake. Frost is even more challenging to get up there, but we aren't giving up on the idea.

It is a nice goal in rainbow unicorn land to may Frost, Fire and Arcane do identical dps in all situations, but we try and be realistic about our chances for that. Especially among pure classes but even between say warrior trees one spec will likely win. That's cool. It doesn't mean the "loser" has to be way, way behind. Source 

 Paladin 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Using Hand of Reckoning on Taunt immune bosses
We call it "paladin slapping" and it's particularly funny when a group of paladins get together and slap around a boss in rotation. But no, it is not intended.

 Priest 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Power Word: Barrier Group PW: Shield
We still like the idea of PW:Barrier. It wasn't that the spell was inherently unbalanceable. We just thought we would have to devote a lot of effort to making it work, and given that we were in the middle of a patch with lots of changes, we thought we should focus on more critical matters. Source 

 Shaman 3.1 Skills List  / 3.1 Talent + Glyph Calc. 
Totem-stomping: Mouseover macros
At this time, we don't have a problem with mouseover macros. They require some player attention to look out for totems and target them. That's a lot more investment than the macros that just have pets kill totems whenever they appear.

We're not trying to prevent killing totems from being a viable strategy. We just don't want it to be too automated either.

We will revisit this philosophy depending upon what kinds of macros crafty players come up with. Source 

Never Stay Tuned #4
Once again, Olibith is in front of the TV. This time he has got enough beers and smoke to keep watching till late.

HD Stream @ Gamecreds 
Warcraftmovies 


 