Boubouille2009-09-17, 04:19 AMWorld first "A Tribute to Insanity" by Premonition
Today, Premonition  US-Sen'jin completed one of the hardest achievement available in the Trial of the Grand Crusader : A Tribute to Insanity 25 Player  Congratulations to them. The Tribute Chest gave them Jaina's Radiance , Remorseless , Regalia of the Grand Vanquisher  x 2, Regalia of the Grand Conqueror  x 2.

We're still waiting for the world first A Tribute to Immortality , we might have to wait a little longer before someone gets it but .... who knows. 


 


Blue posts
Ulduar closed on PTRs
This is correct. There are many servers that have not had a realm first kill on Algalon, and in order to prevent extra attempts per week we have Ulduar closed on the PTR. Source 

Earth, Wind and Fire
We don't feel that just because an achievement is difficult that it needs to have a big reward associated with it. If you will only do something because you will gain something specific like a title/mount then doing every achievement may not be for you. Some others like to do extra things that challenge them in a different way and change up their game play for a few days/attempts which is pretty much what this achievement accomplishes. Source  

Brewfest updated to Level 80
Indeed, Brewfest has been updated for level 80, and you should see the return of some quests that went missing last year. I'll be around should questions arise that I can field. : However, the changes aren't extensive enough to warrant a round of PTR testing this time. 

1. Can you confirm or deny whether or not the Wolpertinger will be sold for gold this year or tickets?
For our region, the quest should be back.

2. Can you confirm or deny whether any of the pieces of clothing will be able to be sold back to the vendor for a ticket refund like the one piece of clothing from Midsummer? 
As the tickets are part of the token system I believe the refund functionality will be there. 

I have all the items the horseman drops level 70 ones I was wondering if the items themselves will be updated to 80 versions, or will I have to get a new 80 version through a drop?
Any new items will be just that: new items that you will have to acquire. It wouldn't be fair to those who haven't leveled since they received those items to bump them up and potentially make them unusable. 

Brewfest Mount Droprate and Coren Direbrew
No, but as others have pointed out, having the actual mount is no longer required for the achievement; you need only transform your mount with hops to get Have Keg, Will Travel. Due to this, I don't believe the drop rate of the mounts changed from the rate it was when Brewfest ended last year.

As for questions regarding additions and such, as I mentioned earlier in the thread, there were no major changes or additions to the holiday, simply an update to what was already there. This means that Coren works the same way he did last year, and there are no new pets or mounts. We hope you'll have a good time in any case. Source 

 Hunter 
Intimidation and Kill Command
I can't go into detail on all of them, but for starters Intimidation could be a lot better and Kill Command could be as fun as say Lock and Load instead of a macro'd ability. Source 

Tranquilizing Shot
We're not going to be in a big hurry to buff Tranq Shot. It might be a better way to go to nerf all dispels to something more like that so that they didn't trivially undo buffs, debuffs and CC. Source 


 Shaman /  Warlock
Totem of Wrath vs Demonic Pact
I said ToW vs. DP is a problem that we want to fix. We aren't ready to discuss potential fixes yet so there's not much I can add to that topic.

We don't think Elemental or Shadow for that matter are as low as a lot of players of those respective specs seem to believe, but both received small buffs. While it wasn't necessarily our intention, both of those tweaks happen to be relatively tricky to theorycraft out, so the jury is still out on what kind of buff they will provide or if they will be considered "enough."

Some posters then tried to justify Demos's low dps because of their great buffs, but that isn't the way we actually want the game to work.

All classes should have buffs. All damage specs should do competitive dps, with the exception that the four pure classes should do slightly higher dps. Different versions of the same buff should not feel wildly different with regard to talent expenditure, personal dps loss, up time, duration or scaling. We will continue to work to improve all of those issues. However, in almost all cases, individual skill, gear and group coordination will have a larger effect on your performance than anything we can do to buff your class. Source 