Boubouille2009-09-08, 10:00 PMHeroic Anub'arak World 2nd Kill by Stars
Stars  Crystalspine Stinger - Taiwan defeated Anub'arak in Heroic Mode a few hours ago and is the 2nd guild in the world to beat this encounter. 

The hard modes were unlocked a day after the european servers ... but I will leave the comments to them. 


   

From Stars Source 
12 attempts left.

Receiving it 6 days and facing bosses 1 day later than EU for such a small patch, this is all we have. We already tried our best.

World 2nd is world 2nd no matter what, we won't spend a lot of words on it. Instead, we just want to have our two cents here for Blizzard:

We totally understand why different regions get the patch on different days, which is absolutely worthy if most players can have better game experiences with less bugs. However, Blizzard please do make the hard mode really HARD so players from all regions have a chance to fight. By hard we mean challenging unknown rather than farming killed. Distinguishing top guilds by their farming capacity is just NOT the right way to go. In addition, we would really appreciate if you could bring PTR to Taiwan.

Everything we got belongs to all wow players who can speak Chinese "ni hao" is enough :p, no matter you are on the server of China, Taiwan, EU or US. Thank you very much for your supports! Thank Blizzard for making such a great game and Soft-World International for bringing it to Taiwan. Hope wowers on the China server can enjoy WoTLK soon.

Note: Don't worry, we only have 2 soulstones.

We are the Stars!


MMO-Champ Talent Calculator Updated
The Talent Calculator  has been updated with a few extra features to make it ... well, less lame. Feel free to report any bugs, suggestions, or complain for no reason in comments. 

Shorter URLs
The URLs have been shortened drastically, people shouldn't hate you as much as before when you post one on forums. 

Old -  00000000000&glyph=100825060504&version=10192
New - ,dQJOe3,10192

Developers Note - It didn't seem like a good idea to keep the URL compression secret, if you want to get a look at the code download mmoc-talent-v2-encoder-decoder.zip  and check the Readme to understand how it works. 

Build Selection
You can now select the version of the game from the menu at the bottom right of the screen, Live and current PTR versions are clearly labeled to make your life even easier. 

Import and Export
You can now Import and Export talent calculators from/to the WoWArmory, the old MMO-Champion URL, and even Wowhead for those of you who want to leave us. However keep in mind that we cannot detect the version of the build you will import from non MMO-Champion calculators.




