Boubouille2009-08-11, 10:04 PMIcecrown will NOT have 31 Bosses
I put in the Yogg achievement with what I hoped was a ridiculous stand-in number. Clearly it wasn't ridiculous enough because players were variously excited or worried that it was a real number.

Then in an example on how we don't want raids to rotate in tanks, I wanted to pick what I hoped was a ridiculous number so that players wouldn't try and and deduce from my answer how many bosses Icecrown has.

Sadly, my sarcasm doesn't translate well to the forums.

General Vezax Encounter Changes
We wanted to make players aware of several changes made to the General Vezax encounter upon the release of patch 3.2, which weren't noted in the official patch notes.

These changes affect both 10-player and 25-player modes. First off, when considering the hardmode of the encounter, the mechanics were overly favoring groups that made heavy use of Restoration druids Omen of Clarity procs and “Enhancement” shamans using healing gear Shamanistic Rage and Improved Stormstrike to circumvent the mana restrictions. Omen of Clarity will no longer proc for Restoration druids, and Enhancement shamans receive a healing debuff similar to the ones Retribution paladins have had since the encounter’s initial implementation.

Recognizing that this would make the encounter far more difficult for raid groups that have come to rely on those mechanics, we also made changes to ease the overall mana burden when attempting the hardmode. The health of General Vezax and the Saronite Animus was reduced by roughly 25%, and the Animus will now spawn after six Vapors, down from eight, assuming none have been killed.

In addition, prior to 3.2, General Vezax could be very erratic in the use of some of his abilities, leading to long gaps between Shadow Crashes in particular. His behavior in this regard is now more consistent. As a side-effect of this change, in 25-player mode in particular, he will also cast Searing Flames slightly more often – whenever his Fire school isn’t locked out by player interrupts, essentially. Finally, because the “more consistent” Crash use ended up being a bit on the frequent side, a minor hotfix recently increased the period between Crash casts.