Boubouille2009-08-06, 10:57 PMUpdate - The Trial of the Crusader Loot List  is now complete with all the items from 10-Man, 10-Man Hard, 25-Man, and 25-Man Hard Modes + Tribute Chests!


 

Recent Living Bomb and Hot Streak Changes
[blizzquote author=Crygil source=] During the 3.2 development cycle, players reported the bug that Hot Streak did not trigger from Living Bomb critical periodic damage. Initially, we made the decision to continue preventing Hot Streak from triggering. This resulted in the “non-periodic" text being added to the Hot Streak tooltip. Late in the 3.2 cycle, the decision was revisited, and Hot Streak was allowed to trigger from Living Bomb periodic damage, but too late to correct the tooltip. However, around the same time, Living Bomb was changed to be allowed on multiple targets per Mage. 

In addition, our QA team discovered a 3.2.0 live bug that periodic damage from Fireball and Frostfire Bolt was being counted toward breaking the Hot Streak as these could never crit. In discussion yesterday, we determined that with multiple targets per Mage, Living Bomb periodic damage triggering Hot Streak was too powerful. However, we still liked Living Bomb being used on multiple targets and didn’t want to change that. Instead, yesterday Wed Aug 5 we hotfixed Hot Streak so it could no longer be triggered by periodic damage, resolving both the bug with Fireball and Frostfire Bolt, and the balance concern with Living Bomb. In the course of that hotfix, a data error was introduced which caused the non-periodic damage from Fireball and Frostfire Bolt to never break the Hot Streak streaks on non-crits. That data error was corrected with a hotfix this morning Thr Aug 6.

Final result:
Host Streak triggers exactly as stated in its tooltip: “2 non-periodic spell criticals in a row using Fireball, Fire Blast, Scorch, Living Bomb, or Frostfire Bolt”. Only non-periodic damage interacts with it, and only those spells listed. Periodics do not affect the streak in any way. Direct damage from the listed spells always count, for or against the streak.

Sorry for any confusion that resulted from us not posting this sooner. We’ve been making many fixes since 3.2 went live this week.