Boubouille2009-09-12, 11:19 AMParagon vs Heroic Anub'arak
Paragon  released another video of the heroic version of Anub'arak. This one shows all 3 phases of the fight for their A Tribute to Mad Skill 25 Player  achievement.



<object width="640" height="435"><param name="movie" value=""></param><param name="allowFullScreen" value="true"></param><param name="allowscriptaccess" value="always"></param><embed src="" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" allowscriptaccess="always" allowfullscreen="true" width="640" height="435"></embed></object>



<object width="640" height="435"><param name="movie" value=""></param><param name="allowFullScreen" value="true"></param><param name="allowscriptaccess" value="always"></param><embed src="" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" allowscriptaccess="always" allowfullscreen="true" width="640" height="435"></embed></object>

World of Warcraft TCG - Scourgewar
Carlsbad, CA September 11, 2009 – The Upper Deck Company is pleased to announce that its 10th World of Warcraft Trading Card Game’s expansion set – entitled Scourgewar – will be released on November 24. TCG players in the online realms have been hard at work in Northrend for almost a year now, with the Wrath of the Lich King letting adventurers land on the frozen continent and take on everything it has to offer. And now the action will be coming to your local game store.

Amid the powerful new Death Knight cards and other secrets Upper Deck has waiting for players in this next expansion, you’re probably dying to get a look at the newest additions to the Loot card assortment. Without further adieu, let’s dive right in.

Loot Cards
Tiny
Say hello to our newest little friend. Tauren and Draenei, now we have the ultimate irony you’ve been waiting for. The newest super-common Loot card will give you a mini mount that will carry you around as fast as his little legs will take him—which isn’t any faster than your character can run, but hey, it’s the thought that counts. Each code will be redeemed for 50 uses, so you’ll be able to get lots of work out of Tiny for each card you get your hands on.


     

Tuskarr Kite
One of the coolest factions to make their appearance in Wrath of the Lich King, the Tuskarr are a Walrus-like species of humanoids that like to fish. One of the things you’ve probably noticed while running around and doing their errands is the cool decorations they have around their towns. With Tuskarr Kite, you’ll be able to own your own decorative kite that functions just like the Onyxia Kite from March of the Legion’s Kiting Loot card. This uncommon Loot card also counts towards your companion pet achievements, so if you’re still working towards your new pets, the Kite will help too!


   

Spectral Kitten
The Spectral Tiger is the quintessential Loot card for collectors out there, and now they’ll have a little kitten to add to their spectral menagerie. This companion pet comes with tiny little armor to match his size, and lets out a haunting meow when you click on him. Stop to check your mail and it will wait patiently for you, and then run to catch up to you when you head on your way after business has been attended to. As the rare Loot card of the expansion, this is one kitty that plenty of fans will want to get their hands on!


   

Take Them for a Test Drive Important - Apparently these codes arent active on PTRs for the moment, they will most likely be activated in the next build
Would you like to get your hands on these items and take them for a test drive? Simply head over to the Public Test Realm PTR and try them out by visiting Landro Longshot, and using the following three codes:

Tiny: 3333
Tuskarr Kite: 2222
Spectral Kitten: 1111

Scourgewar is still two months away, but Northrend has these exciting Loot cards to look forward to, in addition to the powerful cards waiting to earn a spot in your decks. Stay connected for additional updates of Scourgewar at WoWTCG.com  


Blue posts
Tie in Warsong Gulch
This is a new change that has been applied to live realms as well.

If the game is tied when the game ends, the winner will now be the team that most recently captured the flag, rather than the team captured the first flag. Source 

RMP Teams in Arenas
To address the frankly overblown RMP "bias", we're seeing a lot more comps this season so far, which is cool. We just want to make sure those comps are doing something besides just blowing someone up. We certainly think the Arena can support more than RMP, which is why we have made so many changes for other classes. But the reason a lot of players like the RMP playstyle, and why some consider it the only legit team though that is emphatically not our viewpoint is because it requires a lot of coordination and layering of abilities. That's not to say RMP can't go for the blow someone up strategy on occasion, and there is nothing fundamentally wrong with that strategy existing, as long as it's not the only one. When every match feels like the same match, Arena gets a lot less interesting. Source 

Tanking - Balancing Effective Health and Cooldowns
EH is very important. But it is not the all there is to tank balance. I suspect even the players that first came up with that way of describing survivability would admit that it gets focused on too much these days. Source 

Race Changes ETA
A race change is only a slightly more simplistic technical process than a faction change. Given that, it was pretty important to get the conversion frame work for the faction change service developed first before offering additional services like race changes. Source 

The end of classes changes
It will never happen because we're always going to be adding content to the game including class content that will require us to make adjustments to each class. Additionally, classes scale differently with gear and content, and we always have to monitor that closely and change things as needed. Source 

PvP/PvE versions of spells
Internal consistency for belief in the game world is part of it. Just keeping complexity down is another part of it. We don't want to see every spell or talent have two tooltips and players having to keep all of that straight. It just feels like two games with one art set at that point, which isn't what we're going for. Source 

 Death Knight
Heart Strike in 3.2.2
Heart Strike is balanced around its single target damage since its a primary ability for Blood. However, since it can strike a second target for full damage on live, Blood dps jumps up dramatically just because of the presence of a second target. The ability needs to be either balanced around its single target or dual target dps. If it's the latter, you're going to use Blood Strike on a lot of attacks instead and the core strike for the tree becomes more situational, which feels lame.

It will still keep the kit of hitting a second target, and Blood dps will still jump up when you can cleave a second target. Just not as much. Source 

[...] We'll write a more clear tooltip, something like: Instantly strike a target, causing 50% weapon damage plus 368 and 10% additional damage for each disease. Also strikes a secondary target for half of what it strikes the original. Source 

Shamans and Cleansing Totems
It's overpowered. Long-term we need some kind of overhaul to the dispel system so that you can free allies who get debuffed or CC'd but you aren't constantly losing important class abilities because of cheap, fast and sometimes pulsing dispels.

I'm being vague because we haven't announced any 3.2.2 or 3.3 changes yet. Those won't be the overhaul I described, but we hope to do something. Source 

 Paladin
Changes to Hammer of the Righteous and High Threat Abilities
High threat abilities are always going to be part of the game for the simple reason that we don't want tanks to do as much damage as dps specs, but they need to generate more threat than the dps specs.

It only gets to be a problem when those abilities don't scale with gear or the tank spec is so woeful at dps that it's impossible to solo or contribute meaningfully when not tanking.

In this case, the loss of threat from switching from Holy to physical damage necessitated adding additional threat.

Having said all that, we don't have a lot of confidence that this change will actually go live, so I wouldn't freak out just yet. Source 

 Shaman
Earthen Power Nerf
We think Earthen Power and the Ghost Wolf change were trying to solve the same problem. Together they felt like overkill to us, and we thought the Ghost Wolf change was more interesting so we kept that one. Your mileage may vary and I would be surprised if many shaman agreed since they were the target of the nerf. Source 

Flame Shock duration change in 3.2.2
We don't think the coefficient needs to change. We literally just added the duration bonus from the old glyph so that you didn't need that glyph to function. We could have a long discussion about mandatory glyphs for dps specs, but let's not have it here. :

The dot coefficient rule that I think you're implying isn't necessarily something we follow anymore.

You get two more ticks on Flame Shock, which frees up GCDs to cast other spells. If the glyph was a dps increase, and it generally was held to be, then the change to Flame Shock should be too. Source 

3.2.2 Glyph of Flame Shock 
Most of the posts I've read on the last few pages seem to get the purpose of the change to make it so the spec could function without the glyph, but there are still a few confused shaman. Reread the thread and you'll see some good explanations in there.

This was not intended to be a massive Elemental dps increase. It was intended to solve a problem that may not have been important to you personally, but was important to a lot of shaman.

One thing I will add is to fret less about scaling. In BC if you didn't scale well, you were going to be in trouble for many tiers of content. These days we adjust classes so frequently that it's much less of an issue. Worst case is you will start to slip slightly behind other classes as everyone gets gear, but then the very next tier will be a reset and honestly we really only have one tier left.

Put another way, if you and your friend start an instance at 5000 dps and then as you get gear she goes to 7000 dps while you go to 6000 dps, then that's a scaling problem. But under out current design philosophy in WoW we will adjust you if you fall that far behind. Yes in an ideal world all the talents and glyphs would be set up in such a way that we'd never need to adjust them and all classes would scale linearly or even exponentially with the same slope. The reality is that we tweak things and some scaling mismatches are inevitable if for no other reason than melee scale differently than casters. Source 

3.2.2 Glyph of Flame Shock  and T8 Set Bonus
We aren't changing the set bonus. Most shaman will outgrow it eventually. If you have the set bonus, you can look at other glyphs for the moment if that works for you.