Boubouille2009-09-04, 08:13 AMHeroic Twin Valkyrs Kill Video by Paragon
Paragon http://www.paragon-wow.com just released a video of their kill of the Twin Valkyrs in Heroic mode. 



<object width="640" height="430"><param name="movie" value="http://www.youtube.com/v/k4q750BwHws&hl=en&fs=1&"></param><param name="allowFullScreen" value="true"></param><param name="allowscriptaccess" value="always"></param><embed src="http://www.youtube.com/v/k4q750BwHws&hl=en&fs=1&" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" allowscriptaccess="always" allowfullscreen="true" width="640" height="430"></embed></object>

Instance Capacity Issue Update
As mentioned in previous updates, we have been working diligently to address recent instance capacity issues through a number of reconfigurations and optimizations. These modifications have been an ongoing effort, and we’re pleased to announce that the process is now complete on all North American realms. Since the optimizations, all realms have shown an improvement in instance performance as well as a noticeable reduction in the amount of players hitting the instance limit. Please be assured that we will continue to monitor the situation closely and will make further changes as necessary. As always, thank you for your patience and understanding regarding this issue. 

Arena Title Issue
During the process of awarding the titles for Arena Season 6, we encountered an issue where characters who earned the titles in previous seasons, but did not earn them in season 6, received them again along with the corresponding achievements. We have found the cause of this and will be removing the unearned titles and achievements during the next regularly scheduled maintenance. 

Blue posts
And this is what happens when I skip blue posts for a day, a huge wall of blue text. 
Stats Inflation
Some stats can grow forever and yet the abilities they affect generally behave the same way. Things like crit, haste, armor pen and avoidance generally the numbers that convert into a percentage start to get weird at very high numbers. We design using the range of those values that make sense. To use an analogy, if your thermometer only goes up to 105 F, that's probably fine for Michigan but lacking in Arizona. The range on the instrument was designed for one range of numbers and might not work for another.

The problem in LK was we ended up growing the gear by more than we expected. Had we known that in hindsight, the rating conversions would probably have been less favorable to begin with so that we'd be talking about mages with 50 to 60% crit rates now instead of 70 to 80% crit rates.

The avoidance rates on tanks are probably more problematic than the crit rates on dps specs -- high avoidance led us to Sunwell Radiance in the past. The alternative is that bosses have to hit so hard that if you ever fail to avoid twice in a row, you wipe or the bosses are just very easy. Tanks should be avoiding at say 30% not 50%.

Just remember all this if the ratings are even steeper in Cataclysm and you see your crit rate drop with each new character level. The alternative is that you get to 100% crit too quickly. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/19595732241-why-does-combustion-have-a-3-min-cooldown.html

T9 Set Bonuses
A major goal of 3.2 was to implement a fairly simple raiding tier when compared to 3.1 and 3.3 so that we could focus on development of the new BG. The relatively simplistic set bonuses reflect that general philosophy. Set bonuses are among the most challenging parts of itemization: they are technically hard to implement, it's tough to come up with good ones that you haven't seen a hundred times, we need something that can benefit a variety of specs, and they have to actually be desirable. Perhaps in retrospect, more crit was not the best thing we could have put on mage gear, but at the same time, we need a system where we don't have to avoid giving a class a stat it actually wants.

P.S. You shouldn't read too much into my comments above about how various content patches will be developed in the future. We tried an extreme raid with Ulduar and Icecrown will also be a blow-out in that sense. That doesn't mean the pattern will always be large / small / large or anything. We like to experiment with different things to see what works and also so we don't fall into too much of a predictable pattern. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/19595732241-why-does-combustion-have-a-3-min-cooldown.html

Anub'arak Hotfix
Ok, we just deployed a hotfix that will repair all broken saved raids of the Crusader's Coliseum that did not have Barrett Ramsey properly spawn. Without Barrett Ramsey, raids are unable to start the event that grants access to the final boss. You will have to soft reset the instance again if you already have your broken instance open, but Barrett should be back after that. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/12/19675818224-anubarak--floor-reappears-after-a-soft-reset.html

Dual Specialization Costs
We don't currently have any plans to reduce the gold cost of Dual Specializations. 1000g isn't really all that hard to come by if you indulge in a few dailies here and there, or you go hit some heroics, selling Runed Orbs or gems as you see fit. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/1/19717392133-bluesany-plans-to-reduce-cost-of-dual-spec.html

Heroic ToC Bosses hitting too hard?
I still stand by the statement. Most of your examples seem to be Gormok's Impale which has a lot more going on dots, tank transitions than just hitting a single tank really hard. Those encounters drop really high level gear. If you're tanking him with item level 226 because you've only been in the instance 5 weeks and maybe your tanks haven't gotten a lot of drops then you've got some deficit to make up. The good news is that because of the way loot works in that instance, you can choose to gear your tanks really quickly if you so desire.

Yes, you will still need to work to keep your tanks up. That's just part of hard mode. But my suspicion is still that the community won't jump to tank class choice as the explanation for why a certain fight is easier or harder for them. Or, more realistically, they still will, but... alas. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/26/19717352338-bosses-wont-hit-for-40k.html

High Tank Damage
If we just chilled out tank damage, then healing would be a lot easier. While I know it's popular in this forum to claim that we only want to make life hard for the healers, I think in reality many of you would get bored or risk losing your spot when the raid didn't need as many healers.

A better answer, in our opinion, is to increase tank health and have bosses hit hard but not as often. The end result would hopefully be that it took several big heals to bring a tank back up rather than a single Holy Light crit. Currently overhealing isn't particularly scary because mana is cheap and the risk of the tank or anyone dying on a given GCD is very real.

If you currently put say 3 healers on the tank that isn't because it requires that much healing per second to keep the tank alive. Instead, it's because with 3 healers hopefully someone will be always casting and can land a heal after big hit one but before big hit two, which would kill the tank. If a few hots or shields get stomped on along the way, oh well.

Ideally, you put 3 healers on the tank because it takes 3 big heals to get the tank back up. If you don't coordinate well or use a big heal when a medium heal would do, then you'd risk too much overhealing and ultimately running out of mana. You'd need to heal smart as well as just healing fast and big, which is what the current design really encourages.

I predict health pools of all players will go way up in Cataclysm relative to player damage and healing. Everything meaning PvP too would be slowed down just a little so that making the right choice would sometimes trump making the fast choice. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/27/19675688396-why-not-abandon-high-tank-damage.html

Are buffs durations too short for ToC fights?
With the paladin buffs, resources are never an issue. You generally don't have to worry about renewing the buff when it falls off because you'll have enough mana unless you're near the end of the fight or something has gone wrong. For that reason it felt like just a hassle to have to renew them and we ultimately increased the durations.

With warrior shouts, the intent is that the resources do matter. You might not have enough rage at any given moment and part of the skill required in playing a warrior is making sure you have enough resources to both shout and do your other damage.

I can appreciate that that design might not be particularly compelling, but I'm not sure the solution is to just let shouts last forever. I think Horn of Winter might actually be a stronger design in that sense. Imagine I am arm waving for a moment that Battle Shout and Commanding Shout didn't cost any rage and in fact gave you rage, but were on a cooldown. Then using the shouts might become a more interesting choice -- you'd want to use them at moments when you're rage-starved and generally not when you have a full bar. However, you'd also want to keep them going because of their buff so you couldn't neglect to use them too often either. A challenge of playing the class / a test of your skill would be to shout at the right moment to keep the buff up but also make sure you earn the rage when you most needed it. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/26/19717542196-two-minute-buffs-need-changed.html

Faction Change and Argent Tournament
All achievements and quest lines relating to the Argent Tournament are reset when a characters uses the Faction Change service. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/1/19717481652-faction-change-service-now-available.html

Race Change
The Race Change feature is on the way, but it's not at a point where we can give you specifics about it yet. As soon as we feel this feature is close to done, we will give out additional information on it. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/1/19717481895-faction-change-question.html

Faction Change not available yet in Europe
It is standard policy for us to not announce specific dates for this kind of service or for things like patches. It isn't an EU thing, it is a Blizzard thing. We are not leaving you "in the dark" without good reason, and the reason is not the one you suggest. One of the reasons is simply because we do not want to raise expectations and then squash them again. Experience has shown us that doing that is actually much worse.

Having said that, the release of this much awaited service in the US does implicitly raise excitement and expectations, and this is quite clearly evident by the popularity of this thread today. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/1/10711192751-faction-change-us-only-when-is-eu-getting-it.html

Faction Change ETA in Europe
Here we go: it is not coming today, tomorrow or this week, or probably next. However, plans can change though, but this reply should give you a much better idea of when it is probably coming and should help you to better plan in advance, should you wish to do so. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/1/10711192751-faction-change-us-only-when-is-eu-getting-it.html

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/ideathknights.gif Death Knight
Diseaseless rotations
The diseaseless issue wasn't a big problem with Unholy builds per se, but the fact that diseases could potentially be ignored led us to nerf base damage and buff per disease damage of all the strikes. We could potentially have Scourge Strike benefit from diseases more than other strikes. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/19382697597-scourge-strike--still-a-problem-gc.html

Unholy DPS
Unholy is alive and well. The spec is just using Obliterate instead of Scourge Strike. But the two abilities are almost identical in the first place. You're not changing your game up that much to replace one FU ability with another. It's not ideal and we'll get it fixed but it's not as if the entire spec is dead or using a mostly Frost build or anything. At most you're not benefiting from some of the talents that focus on SS or Shadow damage. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/19675858244-elitist-jerks-close-thread-on-unholy-dk.html

Armor Penetration's effect on DPS
I'm not sure this is really an armor pen issue though I could be wrong here. Blood doing such high dps is probably an armor pen issue. Obliterate beating out Scourge Strike is likely not because of armor pen. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/19675858244-elitist-jerks-close-thread-on-unholy-dk.html

Scourge Strike / Obliterate
If Unholy itself was non-viable, then it would be a much bigger issue. And, no, you can't equate Unholy with Scourge Strike to try and define Unholy as non-viable. If hitting Obliterate instead of Scourge Strike radically changed your playstyle or second to second decisions then it would be a big issue. As an example, if you just used Blood Strike and never a FU attack at all, we would consider that game-breaking. But as I say many times, these things are subjective and I can't expect the community to always place the same priority on things that we do.

I can appreciate that you might just like Scourge Strike. But given that we have limited bandwidth in which to solve class problems and given that the Blizzard solution is never to just hire more inexperienced people to try and help us tackle more at once, we have to prioritize things. 

[...] I would add that PvP Unholy DKs will also still use Scourge Strike, because it wins over Obliterate when the target is not sundered. Your target better be sundered in PvE but often is not in PvP.

It's also fine if some players can be moderately successful with Shadowfrost which I am defining here as a DK that largely ignores melee attacks. We just don't want a return to the world where that was the only way to play a DK.

The bottom line is still that we understand Unholy DKs want to use Scourge Strike and we want that too. In the meantime, using Obliterate gives you a pretty similar experience to using Scourge Strike. Going 51 Frost or using nothing but Icy Touch does not and again it's subjective. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/19675858244-elitist-jerks-close-thread-on-unholy-dk.html

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/ipaladins.gif Paladin
Prot healing in PvP
The Prot healing style in PvP is nerfed in 3.2.2. We have not announced a date for 3.2.2, but it will be long before the season ends. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/28/19675728341-thank-you-for-keeping-prot-paladins-with-s7.html

http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/icons/iwarriors.gif Warrior
Infinite Rage
Infinite rage is not our intent for the warrior, when dps or tanking. Rage is one of the core mechanics for the warrior along with stances. You already don't get much out of stances as a tank. If you also don't have to pay attention to resources then you're not really going to get the experience playing the class that we intend.

When I say stuff like that, the inevitable result is "OMG GC sez they're going to nerf our rage." That's not what I mean. Warrior tanks have been balanced around their current condition of having near infinite rage and we'd have to make additional changes if we get to the point where you need to pay more attention to it.

As an example, back when threat was a lot bigger issue in fights think Voidreaver or Vael, then smart warriors would advocate spending some of their itemization on threat stats. I think it might have been Satrina who advocated using a dps weapon to tank since you can put survivability in every other slot. If warrior tanks generated more of their rage by doing damage than taking damage, then a lot of stuff might get fixed: dps stats would be more valued without going back to threat-limiting fights, you wouldn't be rage-starved when avoiding or OT'ing, and tanking could be a little bit more about using the right ability at the right time and not just when it's on cooldown.

DKs don't have infinite resources at any given point in time, and while it has caused some design challenges, I think it makes for a more interesting experience overall. We can debate about whether Prot paladins have mana issues, but they still have to do something to get mana back. As an aside, Ret paladins generally don't have mana issues, but that has also led to a system that is very cooldown-driven and one where we've had a hard time nailing both fun and balance at the same time.

In any case, if rage mattered a little more to Prot warriors then Commanding Shout for rage would be a more interesting mechanic. Again, this is not an announced change -- just a little brainstorming to in turn encourage additional discussion in this thread. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/26/19717542196-two-minute-buffs-need-changed.html