Boubouille2009-10-22, 09:44 AMWarning: Spoilers Ahead!
I guess people will keep sending mails until I post that, right? I won't comment the announcement itself for ... obvious reasons.
In the days and weeks ahead, we’ll be adding more content to the Public Test Realms in preparation for the upcoming patch and the final confrontation with the Lich King. While we’ve shared some of what’s coming already, and players will be able to see a bit more of what’s waiting in Icecrown Citadel during our testing, you may see some other websites digging into the data files and posting some pretty serious spoilers beyond what players will be able to experience on the PTR.

We’ve put thousands of hours of work into crafting an epic conclusion to the Wrath of the Lich King story, and we’re excited that we’ll soon be able to share it with everyone -- however, we also think the surprises we’ve got in store are best experienced within the context of the game itself. Should you wish not to have your Icecrown experience spoiled, we advise you to steer clear of any sites data-mining and posting this content. And if you do seek out spoilers, we ask that you please be mindful of your fellow players on the official forums. We’re looking forward to hearing about your adventures once the new content is available on the live realms. 

It's a good occasion to explain you what you will find or not find on this page. In the past weeks I tried to stay away from spoiling details on the fight against Arthas and the end of the Icecrown Citadel and it probably won't change even if it would be tempting to post it now, yes it also includes the AWESOME FROSTMOURNE ROOM http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/news/2009/october/frostmourne_room.jpg added to the citadel a few days ago. That's also why you can stop sending mail about the video of Arthas released a few days ago, forums won't get moderated but the front page shouldn't spoil too agressively. 

Yes, the Frozen Throne was greatly updated since the first time I posted it, and at this point there are enough data in the files to figure out some of the mechanics of the fight against Arthas. But I also know that raids are really different in Wrath of the Lich King and pretty much anyone should be able to experience the end of Icecrown Citadel within a few weeks, that's a pretty good reason to not spoil it as much as end-bosses in TBC when only 1% of the playerbase had a chance to see them. 

I'm still unsure if I will post what happens to the Lich King after you defeat him if we assume that the lore will start changing before the pre-Cataclysm patch it won't take more than a few minutes before it's all over the forums when sound files will be available on PTRs. I'll probably try to avoid posting transcripts of dialogues of end-game events and anything lore related as much as possible, I never really did that in the past and don't plan to change it. I might post previews of bosses models at some point because you will eventually see them on the boss pages or on PTRs anyway. 

Basically, I'm not going to spoil just for the sake of spoiling, however I won't withold information either if it's available everywhere.

Feel free to suggest things in comments, I'd be happy to hear what you have to say about what should and shouldn't be on the front page. No, we're done with the running in Paris thing, don't even ask 


Tier 10 Sneak Preview Update!
Blizzard updated their preview of Tier 10 Armor and changed all the old screenshots with new ones. They now have the proper high-res textures and more classes are available. 
We have just updated the Tier 10 Sneak Preview page with the latest sets fresh from the PTRs. Take a moment to check out the new look for the death knight, druid, hunter, and warrior classes. We have also added the sets for mages, rogues, and warlocks. Keep an eye on this page for more updates coming soon!

http://www.wow-europe.com/en/info/underdev/3p3/tier10sneak.html