Boubouille2009-11-04, 08:03 PMIcecrown Raid Difficulty Functionality
In the upcoming patch we are adding a new feature to the Icecrown raid instance that allows the raid leader to change the instance's difficulty setting on a boss per boss basis. The way the raid leader chooses to switch is the same as now, by right-clicking on the character portrait. The difficulty settings can be changed from inside Icecrown Citadel, with some restrictions. For example, you cannot change the difficulty in combat or during certain events specified by our design team. To enable the ability to change the raid difficulty to heroic, you must first defeat the Lich King on normal mode, as doing so unlocks the heroic version of this raid instance. There is no heroic version of trash; meaning changing the difficulty will only affect boss difficulty.

We chose this particular functionality because we didn't want to use the Trial of the Crusader method, and have four versions on a raid of this size. We felt the Ulduar method of having to know a certain trick to do on the boss was difficult to communicate and tied too heavily to achievements. We might eventually convert Trial of the Crusader over to this new system but Ulduar and Naxxramas will likely never change. 

PUG with the Blues
Now comes the time to be a forum hero and fraps how you wiped because of a Blizzard employee.
Come join the fun on the PTR and instead of getting the PUG blues, you could end up grouped with a blue. Members of the Development Team including the encounter designers themselves and the Community Team will be on the PTR to test out the new dungeon system and want you to come join in the fun. Join us tomorrow, November 4 beginning at 4 PM PST. PST Time http://www.time.gov/timezone.cgi?Pacific/d/-8

For a chance to group with us, be sure to use the Dungeon system and choose the "Random Heroic" option. 

[...] To be specific, we'll be queuing using the "Random Heroic" option in the new Dungeon system. If you want a chance to join a group with one of us, you'll need to queue up this way as well. 

[...] All Blizzard employees participating should have the <GM> tag in front of their names. Each employee will be able to pick whatever class, realm, and faction he or she wants. 

[...] In total there should be 30-40 Blizzard developers, producers, and community team members using the Dungeon system for at least an hour.