Boubouille2009-10-03, 04:59 PMImportant - The image plugin has been disabled now that testing is done, it will be back shortly with a bunch of bugfixes. Thanks to all the users for the feedback!

Due to the insane amount of thumbnails on the front page I'll spend some time optimizing that in the next hour, don't worry it will be faster soon. 

Icecrown 5-man Instances
Today, I will answer the question that everyone on test realms will ask at least once. WHERE THE HELL ARE THE 5-MAN DUNGEONS?


 

Please note that all characters cannot enter it for the moment because of phasing problems, this bug will be fixed in the next build. You can only test the Pit of Saron for the moment the 2nd wing of the 5-man dungeons because of a bug with the Forge of Souls 1st wing.

Trash mobs and bosses do not drop any item for the moment, you'll have to wait a few more days for that apparently. I'll just leave you with a few extra screenshots of the Pit of Saron. On test realms this time 


         
         
         
       
   


Spell Coefficient Penalty

Tealeaf, here is the formula for coefficient penalty for all spells that has been in effect for all of LK:

If caster level is less than max caster level, then the penalty = 1.0.
If caster level is at or greater than max caster level, then the penalty = 22 + max level - caster level / 20.
The penalty is capped at 0. Max caster level per spell is also pretty inconsistent, but it's around 4 levels higher than the level at which you get the spell.

Basically, once the caster is 3 levels higher than the max cast level of the spell, the standard coefficient of the spell is multiplied by that penalty losing 5% of the coefficient per level, with the coefficient reaching zero when the player is 22 levels higher than the max cast level.

For Rejuv, this makes the following table of coefficients for a level 80 player:

Rank 15: 0.376
Rank 14: 0.376
Rank 13: 0.376*0.75=0.282
Rank 12: 0.376*0.5=0.188
Rank 11: 0.376*0.35=0.1316
Rank 10: 0.376*0.25=0.094
Rank 9: 0.376*0=0
Rank 8 and lower: 0

As I said, the penalty is kind of an anachronism since the ranks all cost the same amount of mana now, but I can understand why you all might have expected rank 15 to jump in coefficient. 


Regarding Abyssal Shatter
A new enchanting recipe was recently hotfixed to become available. This recipe is available through enchanting trainers. The reason why you may not currently be seeing this recipe is that it requires the server to be restarted to become active. We expect this to be live on all US realms no later than next Tuesday, October 6, as that is when the next scheduled maintenance is set to occur. 


Blue posts
Pit of Saron Feedback
Thanks for the feedback so far. We'll get he phasing related issues sorted out for the next push. As some of noted there are sounds, VO, music, and even some creature models that are not final.

Also note from a story perspective that this is the 2nd of the 3 dungeons. We had to disable the Forge of Souls for this initial PTR push due to a last minute crash bug discovered in the zone, and it begins the quest and story for the three Icecrown dungeons. Source 

Spell Ranks removal in Cataclysm
Essentially there will be no ranks. Instead your spell will just grow every time you gain a level. The biggest difference you will notice is not having to train say rank 16 of Rejuv. Your spellbook would just say "Rejuvenation." 

[...] Base points can still increase. In fact they will increase every level instead of in big chunks.

Assume for the moment you get Rejuv at level 1 instead of level 4. Then imagine there are 85 ranks of Rejuv and you get a new rank automatically whenever you ding without visiting your trainer. It isn't a huge change conceptually, except that your level 79 Rejuvs would be buffed relative to what they are now. Mostly if just gets players to focus less on rank and more on player level and then ultimately talents, glyphs and gear. Source 

Spell avoidance for all pets
The change should apply to all pets. I think that includes every class but warrior, paladin and rogue. Source 

 Death Knight
Glyph of Icy Touch Nerf in 3.3
As several players pointed out, the old glyph was driving too many other decisions with regard to spec and abilities used. We want DKs to be a melee class with some ranged abilities, not a ranged class. Source 

 Druid 
Rejuvenation "nerf" in 3.3
We don't want rank 15 to have that extra tick. It is technically a bug in that we didn't intend for it to have that behavior, but obviously we sat on the change for awhile. However since the popular Resto style has now become Rejuv on as many people as possible, we thought the extra tick had become problematic. Frankly we think druids can absorb the small nerf without hurting their overall healing much.

We're not trying to hide a nerf, and we can certainly change the patch note to not say bug fix if that makes it go down any easier.

We'll look into any discrepancy in numbers between rank 14 and 15 and make sure things are working as intended. Source 


 Hunter 
Avoidance and Fluffy's lack of intelligence
It is likely we will just replace the hunter pet Avoidance talent with one that increases pet dps. It is too situational to have as a talent now. Hunter pets will just take 90% less damage from creature AE the same as other pets do meaning "for free". We offer that avoidance as recognition that Fluffy doesn't have the AI to get out of the fire on boss fights and likes to go in straight lines between you and a target, even if that means crossing fire.

Ninety percent avoidance should be enough to survive almost all boss AE attacks for a second or two -- enough to get a heal or move your wolf or sporebat. It isn't intended to let your pet just ignore AE completely and stand in void zones. If you're a pet class, you are going to have to manage the pet a little in dungeons and raids.

It was never our intent that pets just shrug off AE in PvP situations. In fact, it's a little goofy if you think about it. We just technically couldn't distinguish between creature and player AE before. We only go to that distinction as a last resort, since we like for PvP and PvE to work similarly. However we thought it was necessary in this case, since the complexity of boss encounters just doesn't always leave pets with a way to avoid the AE damage. We think PvP AE damage often is avoidable dude isn't literally Bladestorming the entire arena at once, but we still understand that this is a PvP nerf to pets and we may buff them in other ways to compensate. Source 

 Paladin
Seal of Corruption in 3.3
Seal of Corruption's tooltip incorrectly stated that it did higher damage than it actually did. It actually did and still does the same damage as Seal of Vengeance. Vengeance's tooltip did not have the error. We changed Corruption's tooltip to be correct.

Actual damage did not change. You were not nerfed. Source 

 Rogue
Vanish in 3.3
We need to make Vanish work as advertised. As I've said, if this results in a massive net buff for rogues, we will compensate in other ways. However, the intent isn't that it's another version of Cloak. We just want to compensate for server lag, missile travel time and the like. It's entirely possible 1 sec is too generous to accomplish the job and a smaller number will work. That's the kind of thing we will be evaluating through the PTR process.

Unless my understanding of the spell is completely wrong, Flare actually removes stealth, so it should work in any case. I will verify this part tomorrow. 

[...] Dear rogues, it's really pretty irrelevant if something is a bug fix or a buff. Both can increase power. We aren't going to let a class be overpowered because "Well, we had to fix the bug, so our hands are tied."

Dear everyone else, we're not going to let a broken ability stay broken just because the class is doing well. That's not good design. As I said, we may have to make adjustments in other ways.Source 

 Warlock
Curse of Elements Rank 4 Yes, blame it on me, I'll just argue that you didn't check the spell rank
Datamined info is datamined. Curse of the Elements rank 5 is still 13%. It's possible the reference refers to rank 4 going from 10% to 11% since rank 3 was also 10%. OMG lock buff! 

[...] Curse of Elements rank 5 has not changed between 3.2.2 and 3.3. Source 