Boubouille2009-11-03, 11:01 PMUpdates
07:30 AM CEST - The big update of the night is now available, the transcript of all the Icecrown Citadel sound files added with this patch  SPOILER! Do not click if you're not interested. Speculation time! 

Patch 3.3 - PTR Build 10747
A new build has been deployed on PTRs, it looks like there are a ocuple of interesting changes here but no Tier 10 set for Shamans ^^. Stay tuned!

Icecrown Soundfiles Transcript
In the following post you will find the transcript of all the sound files added to the game with this patch, some of them will reveal a few parts of the storyline and you shouldn't click it if you do not want to see spoilers. 


 

Companion Pets Models
Perky Pug  is the pet reward for running random dungeons through the new Dungeon System. 
Perky Pug Video on Youtube 


 

Boss Models
One more boss model in this build. This is an updated model for Lord Marrowgar. 


 

Mount Models
We can assume that they are the models of the mounts introduced with this build ... 

Invincible  - Summons and dismisses the flying undead horse Invincible. This mount changes depending on your Riding skill and location. 
Big Love Rocket  - Summons and dismisses a rideable Big Love Rocket. This mount changes depending on your Riding skill and location.

The Love Rocket will most likely be a rare drop from the Valentine's Day event and Invincible was Arthas' Mount before and after he became a Death Knight. The grave of his horse was in Balnir Farmstead in Tirisfal Glades. Last year during the Zombie Invasion world event, the grave was dug up randomly. Thanks to War from Haomarush-US for the tip, you can also check the article on WoWWiki 


 

  


Achievements
Feats of Strength
Shadowmourne  - Owner of Shadowmourne.

Icecrown Citadel 25 Players
Storming the Citadel 25 player  - Defeat the first four bosses in Icecrown Citadel in 25-player mode.
The Plagueworks 25 player  - Defeat the bosses of The Plagueworks in Icecrown Citadel in 25-player mode.
The Crimson Hall 25 player  - Defeat the bosses of The Crimson Hall in Icecrown Citadel in 25-player mode.
The Frostwing Halls 25 player  - Defeat the bosses of The Frostwing Halls in Icecrown Citadel in 25-player mode.
Fall of the Lich King 25 player  - Defeat every boss in Icecrown Citadel in 25-player mode.
It's a Trap! 25 player  - Survive the Ice Jets in Icecrown Citadel 25-player mode.
Boned 25 player  - Defeat Lord Marrowgar without anyone taking damage from Bone Cyclone in 10-player mode.
Thirty One 25 player  - Defeat X of Lady Deathwhisper's adds with her bombs and then defeat Lady Deathwhisper in 25-player mode.
I'm on a Boat 25 player  - Claim victory in the Gunship Battle in which every raid member visits the enemy gunship only once in 25-player mode.
I've Gone and Made a Mess 25 player  - Defeat the Deathbringer with fewer than X raid members suffering from Garrote in 25-player mode.
Dances with Oozes 25 player  - Defeat Rotface without exploding any oozes in 25-player mode.
Festergut 25 player  - PH in 25-player mode.
Spin the Bottle 25 player  - Defeat Professor Putricide with no member of the raid having been hit by a bottle in 25-player mode.
Blood Council 25 player  - PH in 25-player mode.
Once Bitten, Twice Shy 25 player  - Defeat the Blood Queen while having been a vampire in 25-player mode.
Healbot 25 player  - Heal Valithria Dreamwalker in under 31 minutes in 25-player mode.
Sindragosa 25 player  - PH in 25-player mode.
Been Waiting a Long Time for This 25 player  - Allow Necrotic Plague to stack to 30 before defeating the Lich King in 25-player mode.
Neck-Deep in Vile 25 player  - Kill every Vile Spirit that spawns before it explodes and then defeat the Lich King in 25-player mode.


Spell Comparison

Items
Item - Icecrown Reputation Ring Melee  - Chance on hit to increase your attack power by 480 for 10 sec. 
Item - Icecrown Reputation Ring Tank Trigger  - When struck in combat has a chance of increasing your armor by 2400 for 10 sec.
Item - Icecrown Reputation Ring Caster Trigger  - Your offensive spells have a chance on hit to increase your spell power by 285 for 10 sec. 
Item - Icecrown Reputation Ring Healer Effect  - Increases spell power by 285 for 10 sec. 
Item - Icecrown Reputation Ring Healer Trigger  - Your helpful spells have a chance to increase your spell power by 285 for 10 sec.

Mounts
Invincible  - Summons and dismisses the flying undead horse Invincible. This mount changes depending on your Riding skill and location. 
Big Love Rocket  - Summons and dismisses a rideable Big Love Rocket. This mount changes depending on your Riding skill and location.

Herbalism
Lifeblood  is now increased by maximum health. 

 Paladin
Holy
Flash of Light  no longer heals for an additional 100% over 12 sec if the target has the Sacred Shield effect.
Lay on Hands  is now affected by Forbearance and can now be cast on self again - Heals a friendly target for an amount equal to the Paladin's maximum health and restores 1950 of their mana. Once healed, the target cannot be targeted by Divine Shield, Divine Protection, Hand of Protection, or Lay on Hands again for 2 min.
Infusion of Light  now causes your Flash of Light to heal the target for an additional 50/100% over 12 sec.

Protection
Hand of Protection , Divine Shield , Divine Protection  have been modified to include Lay on Hands. 
Hand of Reckoning  now deals damage if the target is tauntable.

 Warlock
Demonology
Molten Core  now increases the duration of your Immolate by 3/6 sec. and give you a 4/8% chance to gain the Molten Core effect.

 Warrior
Arms
Mocking Blow  now deals weapon damage if the target is tauntable.


PTR Build 10747 - Official Notes Update
The official notes have been updated to reflect the changes in the upcoming PTR build. Battlegrounds now reward you with Arena Points as well.
General
Meeting Stones: To use any Meeting Stone, it is only required that the character’s minimum level be 15. There is no maximum character level requirement for any Meeting Stone. 

PvP
Battlegrounds
All level 71-80 Battleground daily quests will now award 25 Arena points in addition to their current rewards.
Wintergrasp
You must now have the following ranks to build or pilot siege vehicles:
Rank 2: Build/pilot Catapults.
Rank 3: Build/pilot Demolishers.
Rank 3: Build/pilot Siege Engines.

 Death Knight
Army of the Dead: The cooldown on this ability has been reduced from 20 minutes to 10 minutes. Army Ghoul damage dropped by 50%. Cannot be used in Arenas. 
Raise Ally: The cooldown on this ability has been reduced from 15 minutes to 10 minutes. Cannot be used in Arenas. 
Rune Strike: Threat generated by this ability increased by approximately 17%. 

 Mage 
Frost
Fingers of Frost: This talent now triggers immediately on casting a spell rather than being delayed until the spell strikes the target. 

 Paladin
Divine Intervention: Cooldown on this ability has been reduced from 20 minutes to 10 minutes. Cannot be used in Arenas. 
Flash of Light: This spell no longer causes a heal-over-time effect unless the player has the Infusion of Light talent. 
Lay on Hands: This ability now places Forbearance on the target and cannot be used on a target with Forbearance. 
Holy
Infusion of Light: This talent now causes the paladin’s Flash of Light spells to heal the target for 50/100% of the Flash of Light healing amount over 12 seconds.
Protection
Aura Mastery: This effect of this talent has been reduced in duration to 6 seconds. 
Sacred Shield: The damage absorption effect from this ability now triggers only once every 30 seconds.

 Shaman
Earth Elemental Totem: The cooldown for this totem has been reduced from 20 minutes to 10 minutes. Cannot be used in Arenas. 
Fire Elemental Totem: The cooldown for this totem has been reduced from 20 minutes to 10 minutes. Cannot be used in Arenas. 

 Warlock
Pets
Inferno: The cooldown on this summoning spell has been reduced from 20 minutes to 10 minutes. Cannot be used in Arenas. 

User Interface
Group Disenchanting Option: In addition to rolling Need or Greed on items, players now have the option to elect for an item to be disenchanted if an enchanter of the appropriate skill level is in the group. Disenchant works exactly like Greed except if a player wins the Greed roll, they will receive the disenchanted materials instead. Players who choose Need will always win the item and will always beat those that choose Greed or Disenchant.