Boubouille2009-11-11, 10:38 PMUpdate - Added the new Feats of Strength : Invincible's Reins , Big Love Rocket , And I'll Form the Head!  Invincible  is now a confirmed drop from Arthas!

Patch 3.3 - PTR Build 10805
A new build has been deployed on PTRs, stay tuned for more changes! 

The Halls of Reflection Last wing of the 5-man dungeon are now available for testing

Mounts
2 Frostbrood Mounts ? Smells like Glory of the Icecrown Raider ... But at this time the rewards on the achievements are still placeholders, wait & see.

Bloodbathed Frostbrood Vanquisher  - Summons and dismisses a rideable Bloodbathed Frostbrood Vanquisher. This is an extremely fast mount. This mount can only be summoned in Outland or Northrend. 
Icebound Frostbrood Vanquisher  - Summons and dismisses a rideable Icebound Frostbrood Vanquisher. This is an extremely fast mount. This mount can only be summoned in Outland or Northrend. 


Achievements
Feats of Strength have been added to the game, Invincible  is now a confirmed drop from Arthas!

Invincible's Reins  - Obtain Invincible from Arthas in Icecrown Citadel.
Big Love Rocket  - Obtain the Big Love Rocket from Apothecary Hummel in Shadowfang Keep during Love is in the Air.
And I'll Form the Head!  - Obtain Mimiron's Head from 25-player Yogg-Saron with no Keepers assisting you.

Icecrown achievements have been updated and do not look like placeholders anymore.

Storming the Citadel 25 player  - Defeat the first four bosses in Icecrown Citadel in 25-player mode.
The Crimson Hall 25 player  - Defeat the bosses of The Crimson Hall in Icecrown Citadel in 25-player mode.
The Frostwing Halls 25 player  - Defeat the bosses of The Frostwing Halls in Icecrown Citadel in 25-player mode.
Boned 25 player  - Defeat Lord Marrowgar without anyone taking damage from Bone Cyclone in 25-player mode.
Full House 25 player  - Defeat Lady Deathwhisper with at least five different types of Cultists active at the time of her demise in 25-player mode.
I'm on a Boat 25 player  - Claim victory in the Gunship Battle without any raid member visiting the enemy gunship more than once in 25-player mode.
I've Gone and Made a Mess 25 player  - Defeat the Deathbringer before Mark of the Fallen Champion is cast three times in 25-player mode.
Dances with Oozes 25 player  - Defeat Rotface without a Big Ooze casting Unstable Ooze Explosion in 25-player mode.
Flu Shot Shortage 25 player  - Defeat Festergut while none of the players in your raid group ever had 3 stacks of Inoculated in 25-player mode.
Nausea, Heartburn, Indigestion... 25 player  - Defeat Professor Putricide without using Regurgitated Ooze on the Abomination in 25-player mode.
The Orb Whisperer 25 player  - Defeat the Blood Council without anyone in the raid taking more than 22,000 spell damage in a single hit.
Once Bitten, Twice Shy 25 player  - Defeat the Blood Queen once as a vampire and again without becoming a vampire in 25-player mode.
Portal Jockey 25 player  - Enter every portal spawned by Valithria Dreamwalker before healing her to full health in 25-player mode.
All You Can Eat 25 player  - Defeat Sindragosa in 25-player mode without any member of your raid receiving more than 4 stacks of Mystic Buffet.


Models
Lord Marrowgar's model has been updated once again. I just want to hug him.


 


Spell Comparison
 Paladin
Holy
Lay on Hands  now causes Forbearance when used on self.
Infusion of Light  now causes your Flash of Light to heal targets with Sacred Shield for an additional 50/100% over 12 sec.
Protection
Divine Intervention  now Also clears the effect of Exhaustion and Sated on the target.

 Priest
Shadow
Shadowform  tooltip has been clarified for haste benefits : grants Devouring Plague and Vampiric Touch the ability to benefit from haste.

 Rogue
Assassination
Murder  now increases all damage by 2/4%. Old - Only affected Humanoid, Giant, Beast and Dragonkin targets

Official Patch Notes
The official patch notes have been slightly updated for this build.
Icecrown Citadel
All three wings of the 5-player dungeon are currently available for testing. 

Oculus
Azure Ring Guardians agro distance changed from 50 to 40 yards.