Boubouille2009-10-12, 08:16 PMWoW Battle.net Conversion Coming
Now that's a surprise! European players have to merge on eu.battle.net  and US players on us.battle.net  
A few months ago, we unveiled the Battle.net account, our new way for players to log in to World of Warcraft and future Blizzard games, sign up for upcoming beta tests, shop the online Blizzard Store, and more with just one username and password. This was just the first step in the rollout of the brand-new Battle.net; in the future, players will be able to use Battle.net to participate in cross-realm chat in World of Warcraft, create real-life friends lists, communicate across different games, and a whole lot more.

In preparation for the launch of these new features, on November 11, 2009, all current World of Warcraft players will be required to merge their World of Warcraft accounts with a Battle.net account in order to log in to the game. As our way to say “thanks” for taking a moment to go through the process, existing World of Warcraft accounts that upgrade to Battle.net including those that have already switched over will receive a brand-new penguin in-game pet -- check for him in your in-game mailbox later this week. Starting on November 11, all World of Warcraft players will need to log in to the game using a Battle.net username and password, and anyone who wishes to create a new World of Warcraft account will need to start with a Battle.net account.

Creating a Battle.net account is simple and free. To merge your existing account with a Battle.net account, visit  . For more info, check out the Battle.net site or read the FAQ: 
Q: What happens if I don’t merge my World of Warcraft account with a Battle.net account?
A: After November 12, 2009, you won’t be able to log in to the game unless you merge your account with a Battle.net account. You will need to log in using your Battle.net account username your email address and password.

Q: How can I obtain the penguin pet?
A: Once you’ve successfully merged a World of Warcraft account with a Battle.net account, the penguin pet will be sent via in-game mail to all existing characters on the merged World of Warcraft account, along with all future characters on that World of Warcraft account. Players who merged previously will also receive the pet this way.

Q: Do I need to merge by a certain date in order to receive the penguin?
A: We plan to remove the ability to get the penguin pet at some point in the future, we haven’t determined exactly when just yet.

Q: If I create a new World of Warcraft account, will I receive the pet?
A: Only existing World of Warcraft accounts that merge with a Battle.net account are eligible to receive the penguin pet. If you create a new Battle.net account after November 11 and merge an existing World of Warcraft account with it you will still be able to receive the pet. However, please note that we plan to remove the ability to get the penguin pet at some point in the future.

The penguin will most likely be Oswald  also known as Mr. Chilly, he was renamed in the latest PTR build of Patch 3.3 but Oswald is a nice name  too, Mr. Chilly was the pet given to US beta testers who converted their account to Battle.net when the feature was on WotLK beta servers. Please note that Pengu  was also changed in Patch 3.3 and doesn't have his scary red eyes anymore. 


   