Boubouille2009-10-02, 02:38 AMPatch 3.3 Now live on PTRs
Stay tuned for a LOT more changes in the next few hours!

Updates
08:40PM CET - Dwarf Totems Video  by popular request  More updates are on the way, don't worry! Should be up in an hour 
09:00AM CET - Added a preview of Icecrown Weapon Models.
07:25AM CET - New raid instance weekly quests!
06:00AM CET - Added new models for Shamans Dwarf Totems , Trolls Totem  and Orc totems 
05:30AM CET - Added the maps of the 5-man instances : The Forge of Souls , Pit of Saron , Halls of Reflection 
05:00AM CET - Icecrown Raid Instance Preview added.

Icecrown Weapon Models
This is a small preview of some of the weapon models you will find in Icecrown Citadel Raid. Not all the weapons are here, and some of these models are most likely not yet implemented / bugged. 


 


   




 
1H Axe

 
2H Axe

 
Bow

 
Crossbow

 
Dagger

 
Dagger

 
Dagger

 
Dagger

 
Fist Weapons

 
Fist Weapons

 
Gun

 
1H Mace

 
1H Mace

 
1H Mace

 
2H Mace

 
Polearm

 
Shields

 
Shields

 
Shields

 
Shields

 
Staff

 
Staff

 
Staff

 
1H Swords

 
1H Swords

 
1H Swords

 
1H Swords

 
2H Swords

 
Wands


Raid Weekly Quests
New daily most likely Weekly raid quests have been added to the game! They currently reward you with Emblem of Frost  x 10. 

Lord Marrowgar Must Die!  Icecrown Raid
Lord Jaraxxus Must Die! 
XT-002 Deconstructor Must Die! 
Ignis the Furnace Master Must Die! 
Razorscale Must Die! 
Flame Leviathan Must Die! 
Malygos Must Die! 
Patchwerk Must Die! 
Instructor Razuvious Must Die! 
Noth the Plaguebringer Must Die! 
Anub'Rekhan Must Die! 
Sartharion Must Die! 

Icecrown Raid Instance Preview


         
         
         
         

Icecrown 5-man Dungeons



 
The Forge of Souls
 
Pit of Saron
 
Halls of Reflection

New Shaman Totems
Shaman totems have been updated for orcs, trolls, and dwarves.


     

Loading Screens



 
The Forge of Souls

 
Pit of Saron

 
Icecrown Citadel

New Models


 
Terenas Menethil

Spell Comparison
Misc.
Re-forge Quel'Delar  - Combine 5 Infused Saronite Bars with the Batterd Hilt to re-forge Quel'Delar. You must be standing at one of the Forgemaster's Anvils.
Quel'Delar's Compulsion  - Quel'Delar seems to have a will of its own. It seems to want you to go to the Halls of Reflection in Icecrown Citadel.
Temper Quel'Delar  - Temper Quel'Delar in the Crucible of Souls. Only works inside the Forge of Souls.
Cleanse Quel'Delar  - Immerse Quel'Delar in the Sunwell.
Quel'Delar's Wrath  - Inflicts 2437500 to 2562500 Shadow damage.
Krasus Quel'Delar Credit 

Tailoring
Leggings of Woven Death  have been added to the game.
Deathfrost Boots  have been added to the game.
Lightweave Leggings  have been added to the game.
Sandals of Consecration  have been added to the game.

Leatherworking
Legwraps of Unleashed Nature  have been added to the game.
Blessed Cenarion Boots  have been added to the game.
Bladeborn Leggings  have been added to the game.
Footpads of Impending Death  have been added to the game.
Lightning-infused Leggings  have been added to the game.
Earthsoul Boots  have been added to the game.
Draconic Bonesplinter Legguards  have been added to the game.
Rock-steady Treads  have been added to the game.

Blacksmithing
Puresteel Legplates  have been added to the game.
Protectors of Life  have been added to the game.
Legplates of Painful Death  have been added to the game.
Hellfrozen Bonegrinders  have been added to the game.
Pillars of Might  have been added to the game.
Boots of Kingly Upheaval  have been added to the game.

Enchanting
Enchant Weapon - Black Magic  now cause your harmful spells to sometimes increase haste rating by 250. 
Enchant Weapon - Unholy Weapon  now inflicts Shadow damage in addition to the damage reduction effect. 

Racial
Arcane Torrent  additional tooltip text - Non-player victim spellcasting is also interrupted for 3 sec.

 Death Knight
Runeforging
Rune of the Nerubian Carapace  - Affixes your rune weapon with a rune that increases Defense by 25 and total Stamina by 2%. Modifying your rune weapon requires a Rune Forge in Ebon Hold.

Blood
Strangulate  additional tooltip text - Non-player victim spellcasting is also interrupted for 3 sec.

Unholy
Desecration  now lasts 20 sec. Up from 12 sec
Night of the Dead  now reduces the damage your pet takes from creature area of effects attacks by 45/90%. Old - 40/70% from all area of effect attacks

 Druid 
Balance
Nature's Grace  now procs from non-periodic spell criticals. Old - All spell criticals
Genesis  now increases the damage and healing done by your periodic spell damage and healing effects. Old - All periodic damage
Moonfire , Wrath , Hurricane , Insect Swarm , Starfire , Typhoon , Entangling Roots , Soothe Animal  had the mana cost of their lower ranks reduced.

Feral
Swipe Bear  now has a 8 yards range. up from 5 yards
Infected Wounds  no longer stacks up to 2 times.

Restoration
Rejuvenation  now heals 1352 over 12 sec. Down from 1690 over 15 sec
Rejuvenation , Healing Touch , Gift of the Wild , Mark of the Wild , Regrowth , Tranquility  had the mana cost of their lower ranks reduced.
Improved Barkskin  now Grants 80% additional armor contribution from cloth and leather items. 

 Hunter 
Beast Mastery
Mend Pet , Scare Beast  had the mana cost of their lower ranks reduced.

Marksmanship
Silencing Shot  additional tooltip text - Non-player victim spellcasting is also interrupted for 3 sec.
Aimed Shot , Arcane Shot , Multi-Shot , Serpent Sting , Volley , Hunter's Mark  had the mana cost of their lower ranks reduced.

Survival
Explosive Trap  now burns all enemies for [ Ranged AP + 900 ] additional Fire damage over 20 sec. Up from 900
Point of No Escape  now increases the critical strike chance of all of your attacks on targets affected by your Frost Trap, Freezing Trap and Freezing Arrow. Old - "Increases the critical strike chance of all attacks"
Misdirection  redesigned - The current party or raid member targeted will received the threat caused by your next damaging attack and all actions taken for 4 sec afterwards.
Lock and Load  now has a 22 sec cooldown. Down from 30 sec
Wyvern Sting , Mongoose Bite , Raptor Strike , Counterattack , Freezing Trap , Explosive Shot  had the mana cost of their lower ranks reduced.

 Mage 
Arcane
Arcane Empowerment  additional effect - In addition, when you score a critical hit with Arcane Missiles, Arcane Explosion, Arcane Blast, or Arcane Barrage all party and raid members have all damage increased by 1/2/3% for 10 sec.
Conjure Water , Amplify Magic , Arcane Missiles , Arcane Explosion , Conjure Food , Dampen Magic , Mana Shield , Conjure Mana Gem , Mage Armor , Arcane Brilliance , Arcane Intellect  had the mana cost of their lower ranks reduced.

Fire
Flamestrike  now has a 2 sec cast time at all ranks.
Fireball , Pyroblast , Blast Wave , Scorch , Dragon's Breath , Fire Ward  had the mana cost of their lower ranks reduced.

Frost
Ice Barrier , Frostbolt , Blizzard , Ice Armor , Cone of Cold , Frost Ward  had the mana cost of their lower ranks reduced.

 Paladin
Holy
Holy Shock , Holy Light , Blessing of Wisdom , Consecration , Exorcism , Greater Blessing of Wisdom , Holy Wrath , Flash of Light , Blessing of Wisdom  had the mana cost of their lower ranks reduced.

Protection
Avenger's Shield , Holy Shield  had the mana cost of their lower ranks reduced.

Retribution
Seal of Corruption  now deals [ 13% of AP + 6.5% of Spell Power ] instead of [ 15% of AP + 7.8% of Spell Power ]
Blessing of Might , Greater Blessing of Might , Hammer of Wrath  had the mana cost of their lower ranks reduced.

 Priest
Holy
Inspiration  now also effects Prayer of Mending.
Divine Hymn  - Tooltip clarified to add the 40 yards range. 
Circle of Healing , Renew , Greater Heal , Flash Heal , Smite , Holy Fire , Lightwell , Prayer of Healing , Desperate Prayer , Holy Nova  had the mana cost of their lower ranks reduced.

Shadow
Silence  additional tooltip text - Non-player victim spellcasting is also interrupted for 3 sec.
Shadow Word: Pain , Mind Blast , Devouring Plague , Mind Flay , Vampiric Touch , Shadow Protection  had the mana cost of their lower ranks reduced.

 Rogue
Subtlety
Stealth  now reduces your speed by 30% and is only one rank. 

 Shaman
Elemental
Fire Nova  now Causes the shaman's active Fire totem to emit a wave of flames, inflicting 893 to 997 Fire damage to enemies within 10 yards of the totem.
Elemental Reach  now affects Fire Nova
Improved Fire Nova  now Increases the damage done by your Fire Nova by 20% and reduces the cooldown by 2/4 sec.
Chain Lightning , Lightning Bolt , Earth Shock , Flame Shock , Searing Totem , Frost Shock , Stoneclaw Totem , Magma Totem  had the mana cost of their lower ranks reduced.

Enhancement
Stoneskin Totem , Nature Resistance Totem , Strength of Earth Totem , Windfury Weapon , Fire Resistance Totem , Flametongue Totem , Frostbrand Weapon , Flametongue Weapon , Frost Resistance Totem  had the mana cost of their lower ranks reduced.

Restoration
Healing Wave , Chain Heal , Earth Shield , Healing Stream Totem , Lesser Healing Wave , Mana Spring Totem  had the mana cost of their lower ranks reduced.

 Warlock
Affliction
Drain Life , Curse of Weakness , Corruption , Curse of Doom , Curse of the Elements , Unstable Affliction , Curse of Agony , Drain Soul  had the mana cost of their lower ranks reduced.

Demonology
Fel Armor , Create Spellstone , Demon Armor , Create Healthstone , Create Firestone , Shadow Ward , Enslave Demon , Banish  had the mana cost of their lower ranks reduced.

Destruction
Searing Pain , Incinerate , Soul Fire , Shadowburn , Immolate , Shadow Bolt , Shadowfury , Rain of Fire , Chaos Bolt  had the mana cost of their lower ranks reduced.

Pets
Suffering  now taunts enemies within 10 yards. Up from 5 yards

 Warrior
Arms
Hamstring  - tooltip clarified when glyphed.

Fury
Cleave  - tooltip clarified when glyphed.