Boubouille2009-10-20, 10:57 AMReminder - The next WoW Tournament of the MLG PC Circuit will take place in Anaheim, California from November 6 to 8! You can buy your spectator passes  to attend the event. Of course the tournament will be streamed here as well. 

Patch 3.3 - Build 10596 Titles
A lot of people were disappointed by the lack of new titles in Patch 3.3, especially with the 10-Man and 25-Man version of the achievement to kill Arthas sharing the same title reward on PTRs. Good news, this is most likely a bug. 

In the latest PTR Build, 4 titles were added to the game: 

%s the Light of Dawn - Reward of Realm First! Light of Dawn! 
%s the Frost Ender - Reward of The Frost Ender  10-Man
%s the Kingslayer - Reward of The Kingslayer  25-Man
%s of the Ashen Verdict - Unknown yet, but most likely rewarded when you hit Exalted with The Ashen Verdict 


Season 8 Weapon Models Preview
I spent so much time discussing Icecrown in the past 2 weeks that I almost forgot to mention PvP content. Just like any major patch, this one will introduce a new arena season and of course new weapon models hurray, shields!. Armor sets arent available yet and we'll have to wait a later PTR build to get a look at them.


       
       
       
       
     
   

Developer Chat on Twitter - 10/22/09
Join us this Thursday, October 22, at 3:00 PM PDT on Twitter for a developer chat with World of Warcraft’s director of production and game director.

Questions will be taken live through Twitter, so be sure to sign up for a Twitter account at  and follow account @Warcraft in order to participate!

Due to the limitations of providing complete answers within Twitter, all answers will be posted on the forums in a dedicated thread, with links to the answers provided through Twitter. 

Blue posts
A Mask For All Occasions
Since getting all of the masks is just another achievement and not something required for the meta-achievement, we are okay with this remaining as-is. Yes, it may take a couple years of doing the Hallow's End events to get it done but that just puts it along side things like Bloody Rare and Frostbitten. Source 

Race Changes ETA
We're still working on it. We want to make sure the conversions are as smooth as possible and the infrastructure will support such changes, as is the case with the faction change service. Contrary to the original poster's claims, the conversion tables for changing races within one's own faction are completely different from the faction change service. This requires separate development time. We're also busy ensuring our Battle.net account service is fully fleshed out to support the entirety of the World of Warcraft population as well as these paid services.

The only thing better than offering a service people want is making sure that service works when people want it. ; Source 