Boubouille2009-10-10, 08:03 PMUpdate October 11th - Apparently the FAQ was removed today ... I guess we'll hear more about this during the week ... 

Update - Just to clarify, this is directly taken from  , the US version here  doesn't seem to have the updated information and the process might be different on american servers. You might end up getting the old FAQ when checking the EU site, logging in fixed the problem for me. 

Non Battle.net Accounts offline on November 12th
Apparently, if you didn't merge your WoW account to a Battle.net account you won't be able to play the game after November 12th. The good news is, you get a free penguin! 
Q: What happens if I don’t merge my World of Warcraft account with a Battle.net account?
A: After November 12, 2009, you won’t be able to log in to the game unless you merge your account with a Battle.net account. You will need to log in using your Battle.net account username your email address and password.

Q: How can I obtain the penguin pet?
A: Once you’ve successfully merged a World of Warcraft account with a Battle.net account, the penguin pet will be sent via in-game mail to all existing characters on the merged World of Warcraft account, along with all future characters on that World of Warcraft account. Players who merged previously will also receive the pet this way.

Q: Do I need to merge by a certain date in order to receive the penguin?
A: We plan to remove the ability to get the penguin pet at some point in the future, we haven’t determined exactly when just yet.

Q: If I create a new World of Warcraft account, will I receive the pet?
A: Only existing World of Warcraft accounts that merge with a Battle.net account are eligible to receive the penguin pet. If you create a new Battle.net account after November 11 and merge an existing World of Warcraft account with it you will still be able to receive the pet. However, please note that we plan to remove the ability to get the penguin pet at some point in the future.

The penguin will most likely be Oswald  also known as Mr. Chilly, he was renamed in the latest PTR build of Patch 3.3 but Oswald is a nice name  too, Mr. Chilly was the pet given to US beta testers who converted their account to Battle.net when the feature was on WotLK beta servers. Please note that Pengu  was also changed in Patch 3.3 and doesn't have his scary red eyes anymore. 


   