Boubouille2009-09-29, 09:28 AMThe second part of the Auction House guide will most likely be available in a few hours.

Cataclysm details in PC Gamer UK
PC Gamer UK  published a few more details on Cataclysm in this month's issue. I could threaten a few people from the UK to get that article or just link to WoW.com's article  and keep the interesting parts because they did all the work. 

If you saw the pre-Blizzcon leak World of Warcraft - Cataclysm  you might recognize a few things here. 

Garrosh is confirmed to be the new leader of the Horde. He has redesigned Orgrimmar and the Taurens and Orcs are the only races allowed in the center of the city because they're the only ones strong enough to defend it. 
The Ruins of Lordaeron / Undercity will be expanded with a pit opening into the Undercity.
Zoram'gar Outpost in Ashenvale will be changed to a Warsong Hold style base. 
Stranglethorn will be the most altered zone.
Apparently Southshore wasn't retaken by the horde it was mentioned during Blizzcon but has succumbed to tidal waves. 
The new raids will be more like Naxxramas than Sartharion. Probably means that we won't get one-room / one-boss raids this time 
There are a few extra details on the lore behind the Goblins and Worgens starting zones, just check WoW.com's Article  for that. 


Blue posts
Grunty-Pet Code. No e-mail yet.
If you've checked spam filters and still haven't received your Grunty code, please contact RayV Support by emailing them at blizzcon@rayv.com using the email address used to create your RayV account. Source 

Night Elves Mages in Cataclysm
If we allowed Humans to have Warlocks, despite them being shunned and only barely tolerated, then it's logical that we allow night elf mages to be active in the Alliance even if the folks at Darnassus are a bit uncertain about the situation. Like the Humans, they've every right to be cautious about the things they consider wrong, especially when these are being practiced by their own people. But it may well be that also like the Humans and their warlocks, the Night Elves might find good reason to not completely shun those of their kind who work with the arcane.

Nobody at the Temple of the Moon is rushing forward with open arms to greet them; the emissary is being given the cold shoulder. Even if we'd like them to hurry with it, they still need time to work over the idea of the arcane being used by their people while representing them in the active ranks of the Alliance. But they're not exactly escorting him out with guards, either... Source 

 Mage 
Blink
There was a fix to Blink crossing terrain such as indoor to outdoor in 3.2.2. If you find situations where it fails, it's more helpful to mention those curcumstances than to just say it "always" fails.

True bugs, like this one, will get processed more quickly if reported in the bug forum. But again, you have to be specific. 

[...] All rapid movement events on a client - server game are going to be tricky. Remember that in addition to having the client and server actually agree on where you are, we also have to bulletproof the heck out of that code to prevent exploits anything from getting where we don't want you to go to outright hax.

Charge and Death Grip work more often than Blink because they have another character as a target. Blink and a few other spells target a location. Elevation changes or terrain borders e.g. the infamous Warsong tunnel can make the movement check more complicated.

The programmers did a lot of work on Blink and related events for 3.2.2 and more fixes are getting made even between patches. I'm just asking you to notice if it works more consistently without just falling back into the "hasn't worked in 5 years, mages aren't a priority" rhetoric c.f. thread title that doesn't actually give us information we can use. Source 