Boubouille2009-10-19, 07:55 AMShadowmourne - Legendary Axe
The latest PTR build introduced a few quests related to Shadowmourne, the Legendary Axe you will get in the Icecrown Citadel.


   

Actually, you probably won't get Shadowmourne. You will most likely acquire a downgraded version of the axe called Shadow's Edge and will have to upgrade it by completing multiple quests in the Citadel, most of them require you to kill a boss or a given amount of monsters in the instance. 

Below you will find a list of the quests related to Shadowmourne / Shadow's Edge. Please note that some of them like The Final Descent  or Shadowmourne, Blade of Legends  aren't available on PTRs for the moment and any of these quests could change anyway. 

The Sacred and the Corrupt 
It is against my judgment that I present you this errand, <race>, as it will likely end in your undoing. Ignore my counsel and embark on the endeavor, and I shall provide you with the knowledge and resources to see it through.

You must return to Frostmourne Cavern and recover Light's Vengeance, Arthas' discarded hammer. Reforged with saronite and etched with the acidic blood of the Lich King's abominations, it will provide the foundation for our work. 

Unholy Infusion 
Before your weapon can reach its full potential it must be endowed with its signature powers. First among them is unholiness. You must seek out and defeat the one called Professor Putricide, but his death is not your only goal. You must use his resources against him.

Find a way to absorb his mutated slime. Use the foul substance to infuse your weapon with the power of the unholy. Only when this has been done shall I reveal your next task. 

Blood Infusion 
Your weapon is now prepared to be endowed with the power of blood. You are to face Queen Lana'thel in battle and bathe the axe in her Blood Mirror power. When it has been fully infused, you must slay her unmercifully.

May her screams pierce the ears of the Lich King as he awaits his fate. 

Frost Infusion 
Shadow's Edge is prepared to receive its final infusion of power. Sindragosa, the enemy's own mount, must fall. But before she is brought down, you must sustain three of her frozen breath attacks without tasting death. 

Without his dragon, nothing shall stand between you and the Lich King. 

The Splintered Throne 
The Lich King's throne once served as his prison. Kil'jaeden himself crafted the vessel of icy crystals from the twisting nether. Its sole purpose was to hold Ner'zhul's vengeful spirit. When Arthas struck the crystal with Frostmourne, he released Ner'zhul's soul, allowing it to merge with with his own. Splinters from that impact are now scattered throughout the citadel.

I shall require those shards, held only by the Lich King's most powerful servants, to seal the power contained in your blade. 

A Feast of Souls 
Shadow's Edge is among the greatest weapons a <class> could hope to obtain. Is your lust for power sated, <race>? <You feel Mograine's penetrating gaze.>

I thought not. A final warning then... You now embark on the most treacherous leg of your quest. Bridle your aspirations, for if your aims are impure then your life, your very soul, is forfeit.

The weapon you hold is but an empty husk, a mere shadow of what it may become. Only the devouring of a thousand souls will unlock its true potential. 


Hallow's End Achievement Issue
We are currently experiencing an issue with the Hallow's End candy buckets that is affecting the Trick or Treat Achievements for this event. Certain candy buckets in Northrend, once looted, are preventing characters from looting some of the Candy Buckets required for the Trick or Treats of Eastern Kingdoms, Kalimdor and Outlands. The current way to work around this is to get the candy buckets from Eastern Kingdoms, Kalimdor, and Outland before doing any in Northrend.

Note, doing the Achievements first will prevent some of the Northrend Candy Buckets from being intractable.

We are actively working on a resolution for this and will provide more information when it is available.

Update: At this time please do not submit an in-game ticket on this issue, doing so will not result in a faster resolution as we are still working on the issue and will provide more information when it is available. Thank you. 


Comics
Dark Legacy Comic #210  and Teh Gladiators #96  are out.


   