Boubouille2009-12-10, 03:45 AMRecent In-Game Fixes - December 2009 - 12/9
Listed below are recent fixes we have applied to the game. Keep in mind that some of these changes may not be active until after the realm has been restarted.

To review previous in-game fixes, please visit: http://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/thread.html?topicId=20677858456&sid=1

12/9/09
Onyxia has settled down and is once again killable and flying in the proper areas during phase 2.
Icetouched Earthragers casting Avalanche now deals appropriate damage.
The quest “Keeping the Enemy at Bay” is now completable.
Totems are no longer targeted by chain effects as intended.
The Death Knight chest piece, Scourgelord Chestguard, has been updated to reflect appropriate tanking statistics.
Emblem of Triumph quartermasters now exchanges one Emblem of Conquest for one Emblem of Triumph.
The NPC Usuri Brightcoin in Dalaran now exchanges one Emblem of Triumph for one Emblem of Frost.
Bosses no longer respawn in the new Frozen Halls 5 player dungeon after being defeated.
Scourgelord Tyrannus now heals to full when the encounter begins.
The chance for epic items to drop off trash mobs in the Icecrown Citadel raid dungeons has been reduced.
The chance for epic items to drop off trash mobs in the Frozen Halls 5 player dungeons has been reduced.
Running up the ramp at the end of the 3rd encounter in Halls of Reflection will no longer disconnect players. http://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/thread.html?topicId=21723843673&sid=1
Trading soulbound items will no longer make them appear as lost. http://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/thread.html?topicId=21723842445&sid=1
Improved Counterspell now triggers Burning Determination as intended.
The Call to Arms: Warsong Gulch daily quest is now properly offered to players of all levels.
The quest “No Mercy for the Merciless” can now be completed as intended.

Icecrown Citadel Progression Update
As noted in game, the release of the Plagueworks in Icecrown Citadel occurs 28 days after patch 3.3.0 was released. After the Plagueworks is available, you will then wait less than 28 days for the next wing to become active. The extended length of the initial 28 day delay is simply due to the timing of the Holidays.

In other news, the initial number of attempts to defeat the major bosses at the end of each wing of Icecrown Citadel has been increased by 5. This means you’ll have 10 attempts for Professor Putricide, 15 attempts when The Crimson Halls are available, then 20 when the Frostwing Halls becomes attackable. 

Halls of Reflection Disconnect Issue Resolved
Let me be the first to say "yay!". You can hug your local Gamemasters for taking the time to resolve this issue every time it was possible.
We have recently implemented a fix that allows players to walk up the ramp and open the item chest at the end of Halls of Reflection as intended. We are actively working through the tickets we received on this issue and will handle them as quickly as possible. We thank you for your patience as we worked through this issue and apologize for any inconvenience. 

Deathbringer Saurfang Spawn Issue
We just deployed a hotfix addressing the spawning of Deathbringer Saurfang. You will need to soft reset the instance for the fix to take effect. Sorry for the inconvenience, all.

[...] Upon further review, the hotfix will require a server restart. I have no ETA on when we will be restarting the servers. Again, sorry for the inconvenience. 

Patch 3.3 Inventory Issue
A fix was implemented earlier this morning and this issue should no longer be occurring. Thank you for your patience.

-- 

There is an issue currently affecting the cross-realm dungeons when one player wins an item roll and then trades that item to another player who is from another realm. Under these circumstances, when leaving the instance the item may appear to be lost for some players. We expect this issue to be resolved as soon as possible, but want to remind players that they will need to have space available in the original backpack for the item to be returned when the resolution is complete.