Boubouille2010-01-05, 07:20 AMOculus Loot Improvements
To encourage players not to shy away from the many invigorating adventures to be had in The Oculus, we have applied a change to enhance the rewards players are provided when selected for this dungeon via the Random Heroic option in the Dungeon Finder. Once Ley-Guardian Eregos is defeated, one loot bag per character will be provided in his chest in addition to the current rewards. Each loot bag will offer players rare gems, two additional Emblems of Triumph , and a chance of being rewarded the Reins of the Blue Drake  These fine treasures could be yours should you honor your fellow party members by besting the challenges contained within The Oculus! Keep in mind, however, that these extra loot bags will only be awarded to each party member if Oculus is selected by the Dungeon Finder when players choose the Random Heroic option.

In light of this change, the Reins of the Azure Drake will now have a chance of dropping in both 10- and 25-player versions of The Eye of Eternity. 

Reminder - Plagueworks unlock this week!
The next raid wing of the Icecrown Citadel will unlock after this week's maintenance and will give players a chance to fight:
Rotface 
Festergut 
Professor Putricide , your new favorite boss if you like Futurama 

Important - You only have 10 attempts to kill Professor Putricide because of the Icecrown Citadel Gating  The number was changed from 5 to 10 since the original announcement 

It also means that people working on Shadow's Edge  will finally have a chance to get Festergut's Acidic Blood  and Rotface's Acidic Blood  to complete The Sacred and the Corrupt  


     

Blue posts
Two more posts for today.
 Warrior Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Rage starvation in heroics
Rage is what playing a warrior is all about. When you don't want to have to worry about managing rage, you're saying you don't want to be limited by your class resource and just want to be able to hit whatever button you want whenever you want.

I will acknowledge and have before that being rage starved when you outgear an instance can be frustrating but that says more about the high levels of avoidance and the high amount of damage that can be blocked with great gear. We don't want warriors to have to downgrade their gear to tank older content. We don't think that means the rage mechanic needs to be thrown out the window though. The opposite should be true too, however. Rage shouldn't be an obstacle that you eventually overcome with enough gear. Managing rage should always be at the forefront of warrior or bear druid concerns. Source 

Protection Warrior
We've addressed this issue already recently, but if you need to hear more on the topic:

1 Prot warriors aren't exactly dominating Arena play by almost any stretch.

2 Yes, there are some good Prot warriors. There are many more good mages and rogues.

3 However, part of this job isn't just reacting to yesterday's news. Part of it is trying to predict the trends that will emerge a few weeks or months from now.

4 Furthermore, a class / spec doesn't need to be dominating to be super annoying to play against. We try and fix those situations too.

5 We've said several times we want to get more if not all specs into PvP, and that includes Protection. If seeing traditional tank specs in PvP at all just offends you, well, sorry.

6 While Protection's damage has gone up recently due to new gear being available, the same is true of every class in the game. The control and counter-control abilities Protection has that are getting so much attention aren't anything new. This isn't a new spec that suddenly became viable in 3.3. It's been around for awhile and some players have been playing it for awhile.

7 What has changed recently is so many threads popping up each day calling Prot the new overpowered faceroll spec or whatever. I can buy that Prot is catching on and more players are figuring it out after watching the experts use all their tricks, but when you sit back and read all of these posts, you also get a nagging suspicion that Prot PvP has just become the new punching bag of the month on the DD forum. I'm just asking you to keep your feedback in perspective. When every potential balance problem is portrayed as the worst thing to ever happen that's ruining the game for you, then it's hard for us to actually detect whether a problem is perceived as major or minor.

8  We haven't announced any changes yet. We might make some. Until that time, feel free to keep discussing the issue, but know that it will carry far more weight if the gist of your argument is something other than a generic "Prot has been ridiculous for so long. I can't believe they haven't nerfed it yet." Source 