Boubouille2009-12-09, 10:47 AMPatch 3.3 should be available on all servers now, it's time for blue posts ... See you in a few hours for a lot of epics!

Core Hound Pup
Nethaera revealed something very interesting about the Core Hound Pup  ... You can get it just by getting an Authenticator! It will work with the physical authenticator from the Blizzard Store  and the mobile version  as well. 
The Core Hound Pup is a gift for anyone using an authenticator attached to an account whether it's the physical authenticator or the mobile authenticator. Anyone who attaches an authenticator will also receive this lovable new pet. Think of it as your own personal guard dog. 



<object width="640" height="405"><param name="movie" value=""></param><param name="allowFullScreen" value="true"></param><param name="allowscriptaccess" value="always"></param><embed src="" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" allowscriptaccess="always" allowfullscreen="true" width="640" height="405"></embed></object>


Second wing of Icecrown Citadel will open in 28 Days
Icecrown Citadel opened with 4 bosses available: Lord Marrowgar , Lady Deathwhisper , Gunship Battle , Deathbringer Saurfang 

It will take a few weeks before players can reach the next 3 bosses: Rotface , Festergut , Professor Putricide  You can check how many days are left before the next unlock by talking to your faction NPC Saurfang/Muradin after defeating Deathbringer Saurfang. Thanks to Eisley from Eclipsed US-Destromath for the screenshot.

The next unlock will happen on January 5th, if each wing is unlocked after a month it means that we won't see Arthas before April but if I had to give my opinion I would say that it will probably be faster than that. The 4 weeks are probably here to let people test the rest of the content without focusing too much on raid instances. 


 


Patch 3.3.0 Known Issues

This is a listing of some of the known issues for World of Warcraft Patch 3.3.0.

This list is not complete, and will not include all issues. Additionally, this list will continue to be updated.
The issues listed here are frequently reported issues that will be addressed at a later date.

The latest patch notes can always be found at 

General Issues
Logging out inside a battleground and logging back in after the BG is completed will cause characters to be unable to queue using the Looking for Dungeon System.
Spamming the Auto Attack button causes the character to play the attack animation even though no actual attack is done.

Dungeons & Raids
Escape from Durnhold - At the end of the Escape from Durnholde instance Erozion teleports you back to Caverns of Time rather than where you entered the instance from.
Halls of Reflection - Player will get disconnected when running up the ramp to the ship. 

Quests
Horde players do not receive a parachute when the Kor'kron Troop Transport is destroyed during the quest, "Assault by Air". 

Classes
 Druid Forums  / Talent Calculator 
While swimming in Cat form or Travel form players nameplates are clipping through their model. 

 Mage Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Mage Summon Water Elemental does not fully function as a permanent pet when glyphed with Glyph of Eternal Water. 

 Paladin Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Avenging Wrath and self cast Lay on Hands cannot be used within 30 seconds of each other. 

UI
The dungeon finder visual UI will sometimes display inaccurate class archetype counts.
The group “guide” is called “Party Leader” in chat. 


Blue posts
Buff Box
I will take this moment to plug again one of my favorite new interface features, the buff box. It puts long-term and very short-term, spammy buffs into a stack of icons so that you can notice more important ones when they pop up.

There is a similar new option for restricting only your debuffs on the target in case you don't care about what the Shadow Priests are doing, but you really want to notice Sunder Armor, Thunderclap and Demo Shout.

It's not for everyone, but it might be useful to some of you.

Interface - Buffs and Debuffs - Consolidate Buffs and Castable Debuffs. Source 

Dungeon System Restrictions
There are only two things that will prevent you from using Dungeon Finder to enter a dungeon: 1 You aren't attuned yet. The new Icecrown dungeons for example require you to do the first wing first. 2 Your gear is too low. To be clear, we are very lenient on this last point. It's basically there to keep new players in quest greens from stumbling into heroics where they'll probably struggle. If you really want to take an undergeared player like this, you can still zone in the old-fashioned way. Source 

Cross-Realms Dungeon crashes
The issue here is a result of the stress the instance servers are under. Resolving this remains a top priority for us. If you are unable to properly zone into a dungeon, you can try clicking on the Dungeon Finder icon and selecting "Teleport to Instance." This should temporarily prevent you from receiving the Dungeon Deserter debuff, or enacting the Dungeon Finder cooldown.

That said, we will look into ways of improving the way dungeon cooldowns are applied in the event players are unable to properly zone into an instance. In the mean time I do apologize for what happened to you. Many players are currently experiencing similar issues zoning into instances tonight and we're confident we'll have a fix for that soon. Source 

 Death Knight Forums  / Talent Calculator 
ilvl 251 T10 Tanking Chest
There is a bug with the stats on the 10-player version of the tier 10 tanking DK breastplate.

If you manage to acquire this item, we will get the stats straightened out. However I can't give you a timeline on when that will be. Source 