Boubouille2010-01-15, 10:39 AMUpdate - The Twitter Dev Chat  is in progress, keep refreshing the Blue tracker  for updates. 

Blue posters are fairly silent these days, at this point I can say that the upcoming minor content patch will not be deployed next week, but will be deployed on January 26th.

I also want to point out that there isn't a lot of Season 8 information to datamine, a lot of people sent me messages to ask for a preview of the season 8 gear but ... it's just not in the game files for the moment. This is also why the patch can't be deployed later than January 26th, the files needed to start the arena season are here, hopefully Blizzard will be nice enough to post a preview of the Season 8 armor sets. 

Important - Armory Scams
The new version of the armory is now available on both US  and EU  armory and a lot of people lost their account because of scammers exploiting the popularity of the armory. The scam is fairly simple, people buy advertising on Google to display ads pointing to fake armory sites when you search for the real one on google. 


 

NEVER, EVER, EVER, EVER use google to access the official site or the armory, just type   /   in your browser and bookmark it if you're lazy and don't want to type it every time. 

The armory now requires you to login for a lot of the features introduced with the latest upgrade and you should make sure that you do not do anything stupid when you access it. I don't think you would use google to go to your Account Management page. 

If you think you might have been scammed by one of these pages, change your password immediately. If you do not think that you're concerned by this post, change your password immediately because it's always a good idea anyway. 


Blue posts
Resilience change in next season
As far as the resilience change I mentioned yesterday we're considering making goes, we only plan to adjust the way it affects damage done by players, not increase the critical hit reduction component.

Just to reiterate for those expressing concerns about healing becoming too dominant if a buff to resilience goes live, we share this same concern. We do not want to drastically increase the length of fights or make them too healer dominant if damage is toned down. We've been saying this all along. Source 

Ashen Verdict Ring - Strength DPS Ring
We are still planning to add the strength ring in the next minor content patch. Source 

Zone-Wide buff in later versions of Icecrown Citadel
You will be able to choose to NOT use the zonewide buff for whatever that's worth to you. So it seems your battle pride may remain intact. Source 

Lich King Screenshot Contest Winners
Many adventurers have begun a siege upon the Scourge in Northrend, besting the Lich King's corrupted allies in places like Howling Fjord and Zul'Drak, weakening his stronghold in Icecrown, and ascending through the twisting corridors of his citadel to lay waste to his most vile creatures and top commanders. The bravest of heroes have captured pictures to document the rise and impending fall of the Lich King, from their first steps into Icecrown Citadel’s hidden entrance into the Forge of Souls, to busting directly through the front gates of Icecrown Citadel.

We've selected the very best of these screenshots to offer each creator an Epic Edition Rise of the Lich King stein created by Taverncraft  We also congratulate our grand prize winner, James Hessler, who will receive the signed #1 of only 750 Legendary Edition Rise of the Lich King steins! Have a look at all of the winning screenshots here: 

US - Free Character Moves for Select Realms 01/14
We will be offering free character moves from select realms to assist in population balancing. The ability to move a character on the selected source realms will become available starting as soon as we can get them setup on Thursday, January 14 and end them on Thursday, January 28, at 2:00pm PST.

Auchindoun is an Eastern time zone realm in the Retaliation battlegroup, Anetheron is an Eastern time zone realm in the Stormstrike battlegroup, Agamaggan is a Central time zone realm in the Shadowburn battlegroup, and Farstriders is a Central time zone realm in the Emberstone battlegroup.

In the event that these realms meet our transfer goals before the scheduled end date, the transfers to or from any realm may be disabled. We highly recommend that if you are planning to transfer that you do so at your earliest convenience. No characters will be eligible for these free moves once the transfers have been closed.

You can begin your transfer by visiting the Character Move page located here: 

Source A PvP - Arthas, Emerald Dream RP-PvP, Illidan Horde Only, Kel’thuzad, Mal'Ganis Horde Only, Tichondrious, Warsong Horde Only

Destination A PvP - Agamaggan, Anetheron, Auchindoun

Source B RP - Moon Guard

Destination B RP - Farstriders