Boubouille2009-11-24, 04:57 PMNote - Not related at all, but if you run 5-man dungeons on PTRs and happen to drop some items please report it here : Patch 3.3 5-Man Loot Reports http://www.mmo-champion.com/raids-dungeons/patch-3-3-5-man-loot-reports/. Thanks! 

I didn't want to post that right after the PTR but it's definitely worth a dedicated news. Happy Birthday World of Warcraft! See you in 5 years for the 10 Year anniversary!

World of Warcraft Turns 5, Warcraft Turns 15
Over the past 15 years, a lot has changed in Azeroth. Valiant heroes have travelled the length and breadth of Kalimdor and the Eastern Kingdoms, taken wing in Outland to free the Black Temple from Illidan's clutches, and set sail for Northrend to battle the mighty Lich King. Whether you've been part of the adventure from the beginning or are just getting started now, we're glad to have you with us for the five-year anniversary of World of Warcraft and the 15-year anniversary of the Warcraft series.

To commemorate these milestones, we've just launched the Warcraft anniversary website. There you’ll find video interviews featuring personal anecdotes from some of the shapers of Warcraft, as well as the Battlecry Mosaic where you can show off your faction pride. Visit the anniversary site now!

Warcraft Anniversary Website: http://www.worldofwarcraft.com/wowanniversary/


http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/news/2009/november/wowanniversary.jpg http://www.worldofwarcraft.com/wowanniversary/


WoW 5-Year Anniversary Celebration Begins!
If anyone wonders when the Onyxian Whelpling won't be available anymore.
The World of Warcraft five-year anniversary celebration is now officially underway! To mark this special occasion, any character that logs into the game between now and Sunday, December 6 at 11:59 p.m. realm time will receive their very own Onyxian Whelpling non-combat pet, along with a special message from the development team. We have more World of Warcraft 5-year and Warcraft 15-year anniversary festivities coming soon, so be sure to keep your eye on the official website. Thanks for being part of the adventure, and we look forward to many more whelps and great memories in the years ahead.