Boubouille2009-12-15, 02:52 AMRecent In-Game Fixes - December 2009 - 12/14
Hello death knights. Have a nice day. 
Listed below are recent fixes we have applied to the game. Keep in mind that some of these changes may not be active until after the realm has been restarted.

To review previous in-game fixes, please visit: 

12/14/09
In Ulduar, the Salvaged Demolisher’s Hurl Boulder ability will now properly ignite tar.
Vault of Archavon bosses are again able to be hit by area of effect abilities.
The trinket Ephemeral Snowflake will now be triggered by all healing spells.
The players’ Gunship will now appropriately dock after achieving victory.
Lord Marrowgar will now do significantly less melee damage in both the 10 player normal and 10 player heroic difficulty.

 Death Knight Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Chains of Ice is no longer limited to a single target. In addition, when Chains of Ice is used on a snare immune target with Everlasting Winter talented, it will once again apply Frost Fever.

 Druid Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Druids will now be able to shapeshift out of a spell-reflected Entangling Roots spell.

 Warlock Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Everlasting Affliction can now refresh the duration of Corruption on a target when the Warlock casts Shadow Bolt. This talent also refreshes the duration of Corruption with Drain Life and Haunt. 



Blue posts
"Bring the player, not the class"
Needing to have a mix of melee and casters isn't a violation of "Bring the player." Many of our encounters are designed to discourage you to stack the raid too far in one direction or the other.

I realize for some players "Bring the player" means that their raid of 20 rogues and 5 DKs should be completely viable. That isn't our intent though.

That mantra got launched because we didn't want raid leaders to have to sit good players in order to build an inflexible list of raid buffs and debuffs necessary to succeed. If you looked at a roster for Sunwell, nearly every raid looked pretty similar, maybe with 1 or 2 class differences. In Icecrown, the raid comps are enormously different. That doesn't mean class is irrelevant. Source 

Dungeon System queue times
The tool basis its estimates and they're only estimates based on recent groups formed on role. We're adding more smartiness to have it take a look at average wait by class too.

It also needs to distinguish better between groups waiting to backfill because someone bailed at the ready check part and new players to the system.

It's debatable whether some of these Dungeon Finder questions are appropriate for the role forums. We often lock or move threads on say the Arena matchmaking algorithm. I would say if you want to post about Dungeon Finder or any feature really, try and make sure your post has a lot to do with classes, or else there is probably a better forum for you to use. It will still get read. Source 

 Warlock Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Affliction and haste / corruption issues
After discussing this issue, the solution we are leaning towards is to add Shadow Bolt to the list of spells that Everlasting Affliction allows to refresh Corruption. It's a fairly safe change in terms of not breaking anything, more or less keeps Affliction using the same spells, but lets you invest in the Glyph of Quick Decay.

This is not a promise. Until you see an announcement that this change is going live, understand that we may actually end up going a different way. I did want to let you know about what we're thinking though.

I also wanted to thank everyone who contributed to this thread in a positive manner. It's almost unprecedented to see a thread go 26 pages and have 80 to 90% of the posts actually stick to the topic. While I'm not sure the thread needed to go quite this long, it's still a pretty nice feat for an Internet forum. I think these forums can only benefit from having more threads like this in the future. Hopefully they won't all require such harsh enforcement to keep in line.

UPDATE: We are going to hotfix this soon, hopefully Dec 14 or 15. The tooltip may not mention Shadow Bolt as soon as the change goes in, because tooltips are harder to hotfix. Source 