Boubouille2009-12-16, 07:19 AMRecent In-Game Fixes - December 2009 - 12/14
Do not forget to check the Quel'delar page !
Listed below are recent fixes we have applied to the game. Keep in mind that some of these changes may not be active until after the realm has been restarted.

To review previous in-game fixes, please visit: 

12/15/09
Quel’Delar in now unique equip.
Naxxramas can now be cleared in any order for the Immortal and Undying achievements.
The drop rate for the Battered Hilt has been increased.
The Skeletal Slave in the Pit of Saron has had the ability to drop the Battered Hilt and other random drop epics removed. 


Battered Hilt and Epic Drop Rate Changes
Based on feedback we’ve been provided by players, we’d like to make you aware of a couple of changes we are applying to Icecrown Citadel: The Frozen Halls via in-game fixes. Firstly, we are increasing the drop rate of the Battered Hilt in all three wings of this Heroic five-player dungeon. We have seen a great deal of discussion about this item’s chance of dropping since the release of patch 3.3.0 and agree that it is currently too low. As a result, players should find greater accessibility to this item while running these dungeons, or while trading with other players who have it.

In light of this change, we are also removing the chance for the Battered Hilt or any other epic item to drop from the Skeletal Slaves in the Pit of Saron. The need to “farm” these creatures for the Battered Hilt should be reduced by our first in-game fix and will no longer result in a chance for epic loot or Battered Hilts.

You’re welcome to discuss these changes in this thread and provide us with any additional feedback you may have. Please refrain from creating additional threads about these in-game fixes at this time.

You can find a full list of recent in-game fixes here: 


Blizzard Authenticator now cheaper
The Blizz Authenticator is now cheaper, it might be a good time to buy one if you want a Core Hound Pup  or just want to lower your chances to get hacked.
Europe Link 
Shipping fees have been waived on this product to reduce the cost to the consumer, and the new price for each Authenticator has been adjusted to cover the new lower shipping cost 6.99€ / 6.29 GBP per unit. For example, if you purchase 1 unit, the final price will be 6.99€. If you purchased 2, the price would be 13.98€, and so on, with no additional shipping costs. The special price is only available for orders composed exclusively of authenticators. You can order up to 5 Authenticators at once. As a result, shipment tracking is not available and your order can take from 3 to 8 business days to arrive. The authenticator may be associated with your World of Warcraft accounts through Account Management when it is received.

US Link 
Shipping fees have been waived on this product to reduce consumer costs. As a result, shipment tracking is not available and your order can take up 15 business days to arrive. The authenticator may be associated with your World of Warcraft accounts through Account Management when it is received.

This listing can only be used to ship the Blizzard Authenticator to destinations within the United States. If you are a resident of Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Mexico, New Zealand, Paraguay, Peru, Singapore, or Uruguay, please click here  for ordering information. Players from Europe or Korea can purchase Blizzard Authenticators from the European and Korean Blizzard Stores.


Mobile Armory Update
The Mobile Armory  has been updated. 

World of Warcraft Mobile Armory Update 1.1.0
Find an Upgrade: Search for an upgrade for any equipment slot for any character in World of Warcraft
A new streamlined character selection menu grants quick and easy access to all your characters
Save and load custom character talent builds that you create with the talent calculator
In-Game reputations have been added to character profiles
Bug fixes and UI Improvements, including new sound effects.


Blue posts
Papa's Brand New Bag  and Papa's New Bag  droprates
Both the 20 slot and 22 slot bags have a chance in dropping in both the normal and heroic modes of the Forge of Souls. Enjoy the new bags =. Source 

Phasing Bugs in Icecrown
This is an issue about which we're aware. There are a number of phased quests spanning the zone that can currently cause players to appear in different phases outside the citadel's gates, the most notable of which is "Battle Before the Citadel." We are working to address the way creatures in the area are shown as a result of phasing in order to address this. Source 

Ignoring someone prevents from grouping with them in a random dungeon
Yes, and this is true also for players not on your realm. Source 

Why can't i queue for Battlegrounds and Dungeons at the same time?
We've made changes in the past to Battleground queuing specifically to try and dissuade players from wanting to leave a match before it ends. Getting a Battleground going with even numbers on both sides is a delicate balance and we don't want to incentivize players to leave. To a lesser extent, the same is true for leaving dungeons early.

We don't want to encourage you to queue hop between PvE and PvP content as time allows. If you were able to queue for Battlegrounds and dungeons at the same time, chances are you'd be leaving one or the other early and repeat this behavior as you see fit.

I believe you'll see queue times for Battlegrounds balance a bit once the Dungeon Finder feature isn't quite the "new toy" that it is now. You'll also see a significant change in game play opportunities once the rated Battleground system is implemented in Cataclysm.

For now though, given the average wait times for Battlegrounds and dungeons, coupled with the average run times for each dungeon or Battleground, we feel the majority of players are best served by being allowed only to queue for one system at a time. Source 

Healing in Cataclysm
I wouldn't look to Icecrown as a taste of what's to come with regard to healing. Icecrown is at the end of this expansion. At level 85 it's okay if things feel a little different.

At a very coarse level, if you have a free GCD and can choose one of two spells we'd like for that choice to be between for example A Your cheap spell that doesn't heal for much and B Your expensive spell that heals for a lot. Currently cheap vs. expensive is pretty meaningless so your choice is between small spell or big spell, which doesn't feel like much of a choice, especially given the damage bosses can do.

But imagine that if you cast B every time when A would have been more appropriate, then the risk is you will run out of mana. You aren't choosing your spells based solely on the mana so it isn't a primary focus but better healers will be those that use the right spell for the situation. 

[...] We don't think the sky is falling. This change would primarily be for three reasons:

1 You care more about mana regen on gear instead of just throughput. This is the least important consideration because it still works today to some extent.

2 You care more about your whole arsenal of heals instead of just the biggest, fastest one. Paladins for example currently can go for a Flash of Light build or a Holy Light build but they aren't often mixing the two together. A Holy Light focused paladin isn't using FoL to hit the tank from a small hit. They're just using HL and overhealing.

3 Boss encounters don't need to be built around destroying the tank in 2 hits. Currently, that is one of the few ways we have to make players actually lose a fight. The other is that you lose enough healers or dps through attrition that you just can't keep going. Healers running out of mana used to be another point of failure and it pushed things in slightly different directions. Tanks for example cared slightly more about avoidance stats because nobody wanted to be the dreaded mana sponge. Standing in fires didn't have to be about dying in 1 sec if you didn't move -- it was more that you wasted healer mana by taking unnecessary damage. DPS who didn't do enough dps risked the fight going long and the healers running out of mana. Currently the long fight is only an issue if it opens up more chances for tank death or there is a severe berserk timer. 

[...] We're not sure the five second rule is a rousing success. It's not necessarily fun for players to stand there and do nothing. It definitely wasn't fun to heal in rotation and do nothing for a minute or two so you could regen.

What I'm talking about is just returning HPM healing per mana to being a consideration that actually matters again. Do you want to use the cheap spell or the expensive spell? Currently you only really care about the fast spell or maybe the big spell.

Healers will need some tools to manage their mana, and they already have some like Innervate and the Shadow Fiend. Those tools can't be counted on for unlimited mana of course or we're back to the same problem. 

[...] The more careful selection of spells is actually what we're going for. I think that can be just as challenging, and personally probably more fun, than the miss a GCD and the tank gets it style.

But really I was trying to offer reassurance to those healers who seem terrified that we're going to make healing too hard in Cataclysm. That's not the goal. Making it fun is the goal. However, when healing is too easy, it's hard for it to be very fun. As I've said before maybe in this thread? DPS specs can try to see how fast they can make a farm run. The healer doesn't really get to try and "heal faster" or whatever. The most fun a healer can have in content on farm status is trying to keep everyone alive as efficiently as possible. Efficiency implies a mana component. Source 

Dungeon Finder and tanks
Your chances of finding a group in a timely manner are still vastly improved post-patch 3.3. This is in addition to the fact that you can now go out into the world and do whatever you want while you wait without camping a chat channel or LFG system. Once the Dungeon Finder selects a party for you, you can just return back to what you were doing while you wait in the queue again. I was doing this last night and found it to be a great opportunity to wrap up some daily quests in between dungeon runs.

That said, the fact of the matter is that this system is still largely contingent upon the number of players who select the tanking role and, to a slightly lesser degree on some Battlegroups, healing role. Your post was created during prime time for east coast realms, nearing prime time for west coast realms. This is when most players are online; however, many players are running raids, whether it be Trial of the Crusader, Icecrown Citadel, or the weekly raid quest. This tends to lessen the availability of tanks and healers for many Battlegroups.

I was grouping with a healer last night who had no problem finding instant dungeons earlier in the afternoon, but by 8 o'clock server time we were waiting at least ten minutes to find a tank. We ended up sticking with a particularly good tank we came across from another realm and ran about 10 Heroic dungeons together with instant queues. If you perform your DPS or healing role well, there's no harm in trying to stick with a tank once you've found one... if they're willing and able. Source 

 Warlock Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Everlasting Affliction
We might add Drain Soul to Everlasting Affliction too. Source 