Boubouille2009-12-17, 08:04 AMRecent In-Game Fixes - December 2009 - 12/16
Listed below are recent fixes we have applied to the game. Keep in mind that some of these changes may not be active until after the realm has been restarted.

To review previous in-game fixes, please visit: 

12/16/09
Ionar, in the Halls of Lightning, will now only disperse once during the course of the fight.
Prophet Tharon’Ja of Drak'Tharon will now only steal your flesh one time during the encounter.
Players with the quest “Wrath of the Lich King” will now properly receive quest credit.
Muradin and Saurfang will no longer gain stacks of Battlefury from totems. Additionally, the duration of Battlefury has also been reduced.
Lord Marrowgar is now tauntable.
The Looking For Group item level requirement for Halls of Reflection has been raised to match the difficulty of the encounters. 

Deathbringer Saurfang Hotfix
Deathbringer Saurfang's Rune of Blood has been modified to heal 10 times the amount of damage dealt instead of 5 times the damage. This will make the encounter more difficult if you try to tank Saurfang with just one character. The tooltip does not reflect this change, but it will in a future patch. 

Patch 3.3.0a Official Notes
The official notes of the patch released earlier this week have been posted on the forums.
World of Warcraft Client Patch 3.3.0a

The latest patch notes can always be found at 

The latest test realm patch notes can always be found at 

Bug Fixes
Soft Lock upon jumping on inclined terrain has been fixed.
Several issues for Mac users have been corrected.

Looting Items in the New Dungeon System
There has been some confusion regarding looting items when using the new Dungeon Finder system so we would like to take a moment and provide an explanation for some of these new features.

Anytime players are matched up with other players using the Dungeon Finder system, the looting option is automatically set to “Need Before Greed” which is designed to be a fair system that rewards items to the classes they are designed for. While there can be some finer details on how this works, here is an overview on this system:

The “need” option is only available for both armor and weapons that are designed for your class. Caster classes and hybrid caster classes can roll “need” on items with intellect and/or spell power while melee classes cannot. Melee classes and hybrid melee classes can roll “need” on the items without intellect and/or spell power. There is an additional restriction that only allows characters to roll for armor items if it’s the armor type that is designed for their class. So since cloth armor is designed for mages, priests, and warlocks only they can roll “need” on these armor types. Then leather armor is for druids and rogues, mail armor for hunters and shaman, and plate for death knights, paladins, and warriors. Keep in mind that these restrictions only apply to items above a certain item level since the breakdown of stats is very different in the early leveling area of the game.

We also introduced a “disenchant” option that is open to all classes on all items whenever a player with the sufficient level of skill in enchanting is in the group to disenchant the item that just dropped. If the winner of the item has selected this option the item will automatically be disenchanted and the resulting materials placed in the character’s bags instead of the item. Just like it was before the patch, disenchanting any item is not reversible and the item is permanently removed so you should only select this option if you have no plans to use the item or trade it to another player.

The “greed” option is open to all classes and all item types but the players who roll greed will also roll against those who select disenchant. The reason for this is that if an item is not a high priority and/or eligible to be rolled “need” on, then other players running the dungeon have an equal chance to get a reward for defeating the encounter.

As far as how the whole Dungeon Finder system works, it matches up characters with others in their entire Battlegroup instead of just their individual realm. Once a dungeon is completed players go back to their respective realms where they cannot communicate or trade with players on other realms, so any items you gained in the dungeon can no longer be traded to another character in the group. If you are considering giving an item to another player, you must do so before either character leaves the dungeon.

We appreciate all of the feedback from the community so far and we will continue to monitor and resolve any questions or issues as they come up. 

Blue posts
Battered Hilt Droprate

We do not provide specific drop rates on the forums. The Battered Hilt has had three different drop rates now since the release of patch 3.3, none of which do we intend to share on the forums.

Yes, getting the hilt is rare and also intended to provide a more casual-friendly weapon. This doesn't mean a player who is not raiding should expect to get an ilevel 251 weapon within eight days of the patch's release, much less be angry when he or she doesn't. Source 

 Warlock Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Empowered Imp/Conflagrate bug?
Empowered Imp is not being eaten by Conflag ticks. The data aren't set up that way and we can't observe it happening. You can test it yourself by waiting for Empowered Imp to proc and then casting nothing but Conflag to see if the buff goes away.

There may be something else happening, but it's not as simple as just losing the Empowered Imp proc from Conflag. If anyone has any more information, please let us know. Source 

 Warrior Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Sweeping Strikes and Bladestorm
We're trying to fix the interaction between Sweeping Strikes and Bladestorm. The purpose of Sweeping Strikes is to let your attacks hit more targets, not hit the targets you are already hitting harder.

[...] Bladestorm should not be able to use Sweeping Strikes to transfer all that damage to a single target. As I said above, the purpose of Sweeping Strikes is to hit *additional* targets not just cause more damage to existing targets. I believe Whirlwind works with Sweeping Strikes correctly, so we'd like to get Bladestorm to work the same way.

This change will then let us see if any of the concern about Bladestorm in PvP is founded or if it's not an issue without Sweeping Strikes inflating the damage.

We don't think this will be a real nerf to PvE Arms warriors, but if it chills out their AE damage in those very specific situations where there are several closely grouped adds and Arms damage skyrockets, then I agree that's a good thing. Source 

New Fan Arts
4 New fan arts have been added to the Blizzard Fan Art Section 


       