Boubouille2010-01-06, 07:23 AMRecent In-Game Fixes - January 2010 - 01/05 Part 2
Another wave of hotfix has been deployed on live realms including a very interesting one ... Also, the Oculus has been nerfed once again!
1/5/10

The proc for the item, The Last Word, has been greatly increased to allow for more continuous uptime.
The NPC Margrave Dhakar in Icecrown will properly respawn if killed while doing the quest, The Flesh Giant Champion.
Wyvern Sting no longer triggers the extra shot effect from Zod's Repeating Longbow.
The Oculus had some additional changes made. The Planar Anomlies during the Eregos encounter will have a shorter duration and do reduced damage, some of the drakes above Varos’s platform have been removed, and the drakes controlled by players will move a little faster.
Players can now send a whisper to a player from another realm that is currently in their party.
The Invigoration buff from melee attacks using the Heartpierce dagger will now grant twice as much resources as before. It now grants 2 rage, 4 energy, or 120 mana every 2 seconds for 10 seconds.

Blue posts
Malevolent Girdle is under item budget Malevolent Girdle 
Yes, it's a bug. We will get it fixed. Source 

Lady Deathwhisper 25-man nerf
I was going to reply but this summed things up pretty well. A lot of players killed Lady Deathwhisper, but a lot of people also struggled with it which wasn't the intent. These changes did not impact on the heroic version though changes may be made down the road on those as they start to see some action. Source 

 Shaman Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Heroism/Bloodlust Drums
Shaman aren't a support class. They have some very nice buffs, but those aren't the same thing. The older design of the shaman was that you bring them in order to make the rest of the group really shine. That's not really where we see the class now. You should want one in your raid, but you should be okay if you don't have one. Put another way, we don't want to to make stacking one class too appealing, but we want you to have flexibility, especially in 10-player raids.

We don't want anyone being brought to a raid just because they have a super special buff that the group considers mandatory. Some people consider Bloodlust mandatory and some don't. At the very least it is brought by all 3 trees of shaman, versus say something like the Scorch +crit debuff only really belonging to Fire mages and there are multiple ways to get that one now too.

Now it's also possible to homogenize buffs too much. If it's trivially easy to get everything you need then we might as well just cast a "you're better" aura on you anytime you're in a raid. Don't let the fact that we're moving away from the "you have to have me" model to mean the opposite extreme is where we want to end up.

We're not sure we'll make Bloodlust drums for the reasons we stated above. But we're not worried about the concern that shaman will never get invited again. You shouldn't be getting invited because of your buff today. You should get invited because you're not annoying and because you contribute to progress. Source 