Boubouille2009-12-12, 06:18 AMIcecrown Loot Table - Almost Final Version
It's time for a big update of the Icecrown loot table! 95% of the items from the Icecrown Citadel are now discovered and the only items missing from the list the ones dropped by the Lich King. 

Icecrown Citadel Raid Loot 

Note: Most of the socket bonuses are missing, I can't really do much about it. The missing items were gathered from the official Armory and ... well, it doesn't support socket bonuses.


 


Upcoming Armory Update
Apparently Blizzard will add some features to the Armory, the update was pushed today but removed an hour later. The date on the news post was January 1st 2010 and we can assume they will be released at this time. These features aren't available yet
The Armory's character profiles have been redesigned and improved with several new features including a 3D model viewer, character activity and calendar feeds, and more.

3D Model Viewer: The 3D model viewer displays a character as he or she appears in-game. You can pan and zoom the camera, play animations, and save a default pose for characters on the logged-in account that will display for all visitors to the profile. Refer to the Character Sheet FAQ for more details.

Character Activity Feeds: Each character's activity feed shows the most recent in-game actions of the character that can be recorded by the Armory. These include achievements, boss kills, item acquisitions, and more. Character feeds can be customized using our customization tool, then exported as RSS feeds to your RSS reader of choice. Refer to the Character Feed FAQ for more details.

Player Calendar Feeds: Another new Armory tool allows you to export in-game player calendar data to calendar applications such as Outlook, or to online calendars such as Google Calendar. The tool can aggregate up to five characters on your account in a single feed, and is automatically synched with the characters' in-game player calendars. Refer to the Calendar Feed FAQ for more details.

Character Profiles: Character profiles have been redesigned to accomodate these new features and with the goal of improving usability and clarity, such as the Gear List view for a character's items.

Blue posts
5-man dungeon runners rewarded with tier gear
The end is really more of a reward -- an achievement with stats. Very little of our content is tuned to the point where you have to farm to a large degree before you are capable of beating the encounters. I remember in the BC days guilds running a new recruit through SSC to gear up before they could survive BT. That really isn't the case anymore. Now as you to the hard modes, this is more true, but players tackling that content have access to better gear faster anyway.

I don't find it offensive that players who only run dungeons can eventually get some decent Frost badge loot at a much slower pace than the raiders can. That pretty much happens anyway when we advance tiers and the old badges become much more farmable. Source 

 Death Knight Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Chains of Ice bugs
There are two known bugs with Chains of Ice that should be hotfixed today Dec 11 or possibly soon after that if something goes wrong. Stupid caveat that I have to put in everything I type now: this is not a promise of when it will be fixed; only our intention to fix it when we can.

First, there should not be a target limit. That is, the single limit nerf you are seeing now was not intentional.

Second, it appears to not be functioning correctly with Endless Winter. The disease is not being applied at all against snare-immune targets. The intended behavior is the snare is not applied, but Frost Fever is.

Unless I am forgetting some change we made early on, the design intent is that Chains of Ice functions as it did before 3.3 shipped. Source 

 Hunter Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Icecrown Ammunitions Iceblade Arrow  / Shatter Rounds 
If you can't afford to AH the ammo, you probably can't afford to get the best gems and enchants for you new gear which would probably be a bigger dps increase. That is going to affect the economic decision of looting more than the ammo I suspect. I don't think the ammo will be outrageously high on the AH given the mats. It may be high for the next week or so while it's scarce, but as I've said, we don't really want every hunter in the game to be able to get ammo which is tied to a rep grind and rare drop on day one.

You may not be able to afford to constantly switch Engineering specs, but we're not trying to make that a very attractive option in the first place. 

[...] Some of you are still arguing about the cost of ammo or the fact that it's a consumable or tied to a trade skill, but all of that has been true for some time. The Engineering specialization didn't affect any of that to a large degree. It may affect cost or availability for a short time, but that is true of most new and valuable resources. What is Primordial Saronite selling for on your server? Do you think it will still be at that price in a week? In a month?

The materials to make the ammo are not hard to get. The recipe itself is quite hard to get. Therefore it will probably take awhile before the ammo is widely available at a low cost. That's what we want. After the ammo is widely available it would basically take a unified cabal of Engineers to keep the prices inflated. Almost always in those situations someone blinks because the loss of selling things for cheaper is a lot better outcome than not selling anything at all. Source 

 Priest Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Shadow Word: Pain not benefiting from Haste 
We think Shadow Priest dps is in a good place without SW:P benefiting from haste based on the data we have seen so far. Source 

[...] There is no bug per se. On the PTR for a time Shadow Word: Pain, Vampiric Touch and Devouring Plague all benefited from haste. We remove SW:Pain because the dps increase was too high, particularly given the ability to constantly refresh the spell with an inflated haste rating. Some players interpreted the inflated haste rating problem as the reason we removed SW:P, but I posted when we made that change that Shadow dps was just too high.

The OP was pointing out that since we fixed the haste problem for Corruption we could go back and fix SW:P pain too. But that point of view is based on the assumption that Shadow priests need that additional dps to be competitive. We don't think that is the case. Hence, we have no plans to change SW:P at this time. Source 