Boubouille2010-01-12, 07:26 AMUpdate Recent In-Game Fixes - 01/11
Listed below are recent fixes we have applied to the game. Keep in mind that some of these changes may not be active until after the realm has been restarted.

To review previous in-game fixes, please visit: 

01/11/10
Professor Putricide's Tear Gas will no longer remove player auras.
The Growing Ooze Puddles in the Professor Putricide encounter will no longer continue to grow while players are stunned.


Heroic instances nerfs in the next patch
Apparently, the Oculus was only the first heroic instance to be nerfed and a lot of them are on the list for the next patch or even later in the case of CoS. You might not agree with all these changes but some of them will probably make a few bosses less annoying ... 

Ahn'kahet, the Old Kingdom
With that said, we plan on making some changes to The Old Kingdom in the next minor patch. For instance, Elder Nadox will only get one Ahn'Kahar Guardian and Jadoga Shadowseeker will only use her Ascend ability once during their respective encounters. In addition, a couple of the stagnant groups of bad dudes between the Befouled Terrace and The Desecrated Altar will be removed, while some of the roaming groups will have their pathing altered. These changes are not to make this instance easier, but rather to make it a slightly quicker run and more in line with some of the other Wrath dungeons.

Nexus
I think you mean Anomalus. Yes, he will use his Create Rift ability less often. [...] we're continuing to learn that time and difficulty aren't synonymous measurements. For instance, Anomalus could use his Create Rift ability 20 times before you could kill him if we wanted to make it so. This would increase the encounter's difficulty by a negligible amount, the hardest part of which would be staying awake. 

The Culling of Stratholme
We plan to do something to allow players a quicker start to this dungeon, however, the fix to the scripting is more complicated than the changes we're making to some of the other dungeons and likely will not be ready for the next minor patch. 


Blue posts

Adjustments to Heroic dungeons in the next patch
As I originally said, many of the adjustments we're making to Wrath of the Lich King dungeons in the next minor patch is not to make them easier, but to remove some of the fluff that's already trivial for a large majority of those using the Dungeon Finder. Source 

Battered Hilt droprate
Just jumping in here to let you know we aren't ignoring this topic but simply have no current plans to make any changes to this item. We know that this can be frustrating under certain circumstances but we don't feel that this frustration will really be avoided unless we give out the item on a consistent basis which we don't want to do.

Having the item as BoE allows people who really want the item to get it via a trade or the auction house which I know several players have been able to do. Yes, this can cost a lot of gold but through some consistent focus it is possible to save up the money for this and the prices have continued to go down as the weeks have gone by which only helps. Source 

No sanctuary city in Cataclysm
We don't have plans for a sanctuary city in the likes of Shattrath or Dalaran for Cataclysm. For the most part players will be working out of their current faction capitals to keep in the spirit of bringing life back to the old world Azeroth. Source 

Cataclysm Dungeons
We've learned a lot from our Wrath of the Lich King dungeons. I think you can expect us to approach Cataclysm dungeons with some new ideas, especially taking into consideration the Dungeon Finder. This system has drastically changed the way dungeons are run and we want to make sure future dungeons are designed with this in consideration. Source 

Festergut/Plagueworks difficulty
Festergut is a pretty tough pile of flesh and stiches. So far we are pretty happy with the balancing in the Plagueworks and like how the progression is going. Yes, he is hard but that is pretty intentional and we will make changes if we feel they are necessary.

Don't forget that we mentioned awhile back link for reference:   that eventually there will be a buff for all players in the dungeon which will not directly be a nerf but will make the encounters easier to get past for those who are struggling. Source 

Arena Titles and 2v2 teams
- Although you cannot obtain the Gladiator title from 2v2, can you still obtain Duelist and below? 
No, these titles will not be available from 2v2 ratings alone. Source 

 Warlock Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Conflagrate changes
Hopefully this post doesn't get too buried in this thread since it's grown quite a bit since I last posted. Another change we'd like to make for Destruction warlocks concerns Conflagrate. We're looking into doubling the damage-over-time effect to 40% of Conflagrate's total damage, up from 20%.

As usual, I must warn you that this change is in testing and subject to revision or removal before the next patch goes live. Source 

 Warrior Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Shield Slam changes
The diminishing returns on shield slam damage now starts to kick in when shield block value is more than 1960 at level 80. It maxes at behaving as if your shield block value is 2072 when your block value is actually 3160 again, at level 80. Remember this includes the scaling from both shield block value on gear AND shield block value from Strength. Source 