Boubouille2009-12-19, 07:24 AMThis is most likely the last batch of blue posts before the christmas holidays, it doesn't mean that the site will get boring for the next 2 weeks and I should have a few things to keep you busy during that time. It will probably become more interesting actually ...

Recent In-Game Fixes - December 2009 - 12/17
Listed below are recent fixes we have applied to the game. Keep in mind that some of these changes may not be active until after the realm has been restarted.

To review previous in-game fixes, please visit: 

12/17/09
Everlasting Affliction can now refresh the duration of Corruption on a target when the Warlock casts Drain Soul.
Sweeping Strikes will now only trigger once per whirlwind rotation of Bladestorm.
Players will now receive appropriate credit for the Full House achievement. Full House 


Champions’ Carnival Coverage
On November 21, the 2009 Champions’ Carnival was held in Taipei; a complete overview of the event is now available. World of Warcraft Game Director Tom Chilton was on site to field a special Q&A session directly with the players in attendance. Shortly before the event, we conducted an interview with Little Grey, the first player in the world to complete every achievement in the game. We also have the full details of the Arena tournament that took place during the festival.

Event Overview:


Q&A Session:


Little Grey Interview:


Arena Tournament:


Blue posts
PvP Gearing in Cataclysm
The PvP gearing system is actually pretty similar to the PvE gearing system. If you're awesome, you have access to the best gear. If you're not as awesome, *or* if you're new, then you don't have access to that gear, but you have access to the gear just a tier behind. Next season you'll have access to the new gear, but the better players will have access to even better gear, and so on.

Yes, you're going to have more of a challenge competing against players with the best gear, but it's not an insurmountable advantage and the system won't completely starve you of the ability to get the best gear even if you lose a lot.

Rated BGs are not designed to give players who just want to lose their way through a bunch of battlegrounds Gladiator-level loot. They're designed for players who don't like the small, short, duel-ish feeling of Arena but still like coordinated, competitive play. I also expect there will be a lot of overlap between the two. If rated BGs aren't for you or you just can't compete for some reason, you still have access to the previous season's gear and you can even get it through PvE progression. Source 

Casters weapon enchants
We recognize that weapon enchants and even weapons in general aren't as exciting for casters and healers specifically as they are for melee. Procs are certainly one way to address that problem, and it's something we're taking a hard look at. As several players have pointed out though, they aren't trivial to design. Proc'ing damage is generally useful for a damage-dealer. Proc'ing a heal is unreliable at best and often just wasted. Source 

Patch 3.3.0 Known Issues - Update
Gunship Encounter – Some players may be ineligible to receive loot when this encounter is complete. Source 

Change of mind on Battered Hilt droprate
Sometimes we change our minds as data is collected. Data in this case came both from player feedback as well as our statistical review of how many Battered Hilts were infiltrating realms. As community managers, we do our best to relay the best information we can based on our discussions with our development staff and our own observations.

Unfortunately, in a game as complex as World of Warcraft -- and with official responses forever plastered on the internet -- there are times where you might catch us providing conflicting information. This doesn't mean we're lying or misinformed. It simply means that things change as we continue working to make this the best game possible. When things change the information we share changes.

You'll note in my original post you've quoted I mentioned that the change was based on strong player feedback claiming the drop rate was too low, and after further observation we agreed. Source 

 Warrior Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Sweeping Strikes / Bladestorm
We are in fact keeping the interaction. SS will still be worth hitting when Bladestorm is up. What it will not do is hit one target 4 or in some cases even more times. The stand alone ability Whirlwind had this bullet-proofing as part of the spell, but the new whirlwinds created as part of Bladestorm did not. We think this is one of the main causes of the "Bladestorm blowed me up" feedback. Source 