Boubouille2010-01-05, 06:37 PMApparently I wasn't too far from reality with my predictions, Blizzard seems to want to release a new wing every 2 weeks and the Lich King should be available during the first or second week of February. The Arena Season will end on January 19th and Patch 3.3.2 will be released in January. 

You can still check the Icecrown Citadel - The Lich King  preview but be careful there are a lot of spoilers here. 

Update Next Icecrown Wing in 2 Weeks
Then the next wing of Icecrown Citadel opens in 2 weeks. 

End of Arena Season 7 Coming Soon
We are currently planning to end Arena Season 7 as early as January 19. At that point we will go through our normal process to determine who is eligible for the end-of-season rewards. This process should take approximately one week. It's very important for players who feel that they may be eligible for the arena-specific titles and/or Relentless Gladiator’s Frostwyrm to refrain from transferring their character to another realm until after Arena Season 7 ends.

The following Arena Season will not begin for at least one week after the current season ends. During this time between seasons, all rated matches will be turned off and only skirmishes will be available. When Arena Season 8 begins, all team ratings, personal rating, and arena points will be wiped, but matchmaking rating and honor points will remain. 

Recent In-Game Fixes - January 2010 - 1/5
Listed below are recent fixes we have applied to the game. Keep in mind that some of these changes may not be active until after the realm has been restarted.

To review previous in-game fixes, please visit: 

1/5/10
The Lady Deathwhisper encounter has seen the following changes in the 25 player normal version: mana pool has been reduced, the health on all adds has been reduced, and Adherents will wait a little longer after spawning before they start casting.
Interrupting a fireball being cast by the Ymirjar Flamebearers in normal and heroic Pit of Saron will no longer make them instantly cast Hellfire.
The ghost waves at the beginning of both normal and heroic Halls of Reflection have undergone several changes that should make them easier to defeat such as preventing 2 mages or 2 mercenaries from spawning in the 5 mob pulls, a shorter duration of the spectral footman’s shield bash, and the spectral mage’s flamestrike having a longer cast time, shorter duration, and in heroic doing less damage.
The Oculus loot improvements posted here have been made: 