Boubouille2010-03-03, 02:54 AMWorld First Glory of the Icecrown Raider 25 by Exorsus
The russian guild Экзорсус  EU-Ревущий фьорд is back and was the first guild in the world to complete Glory of the Icecrown Raider 25 player  a few hours ago and before the zone-wide buff was activated in Europe, if you're wondering, they were rewarded with a brand new Icebound Frostbrood Vanquisher  They also got the World First Glory of the Icecrown Raider 10  2 weeks ago. Congratulations to them! 


 


Icecrown Citadel Raid Buffs Active
The zone-wide buff  is now official.
As many of you may have noticed, the Icecrown Citadel raid buffs have been activated. These buffs increase total health, healing done and damage dealt by 5% for all raid members. In addition, the number of attempts on the final bosses of each wing and the Lich King allotted raid groups on Heroic difficulty has been increased to 35. These buffs -- referred to as Strength of Wrynn for the Alliance and Hellscream’s Warsong for the Horde -- can be deactivated by speaking to your faction’s leader at Light’s Hammer. 

Patch 3.3.3 Notes Update
The Patch 3.3.3 Notes have been updated with a couple of extra class changes and clarifications.

PvP
The amount of Honor awarded for an Honorable Kill has been increased by 100% for characters of all levels. This change will effectively double the amount of Honor received from Honorable Kills, or for completing Battleground and Wintergrasp objectives; however, the amount of experience gained from completing Battleground objectives and the amount of Honor rewarded for completing each Wintergrasp quest remain unchanged. 

 Druid Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Mangle: The debuff from this talent now lasts 60 seconds, up from 12 seconds.

 Mage Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Empowered Fire: This talent now also applies to Pyroblast damage.
Torment the Weak: This talent now also applies to Pyroblast damage.

 Rogue Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Serrated Blades: This talent now allows the rogue to ignore up to 3/6/9% of the target's armor, rather than a fixed amount of armor ignored per level of the rogue. 

 Warrior Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Improved Revenge: This talent can no longer trigger a stun, and instead causes Revenge to strike an additional target for 50/100% of Revenge's damage.
Arms
Trauma: The debuff from this talent now lasts 60 seconds, up from 15 seconds.

Glyphs
 Druid 
Glyph of Mangle: This glyph now provides 10% increased damage done by Mangle instead of increasing the duration of the debuff.

Items
Priest Tier-10 4-Piece Healing Set Bonus: Redesigned. This bonus now increases the effectiveness of the caster's Power Word: Shield and Renew spells by 5%.
Shaman Tier-10 4-Piece Elemental set Bonus: This bonus has been slightly adjusted to account for the fact that haste now modifies Flame Shock's periodic damage ticks. The bonus now makes the shaman's Lava Burst cause Flame Shock to tick at least two additional times before expiring.

Technical
Frame Rate: A maximum capacity of 200 frames per second has been added.