Boubouille2010-02-04, 03:45 PMEnsidia suspended for 72 Hours
A few hours ago, all the players involved in the Lich King 25 world first kill of Ensidia  had their account suspended for 72 hours, Gamemasters also removed the achievements and loot acquired during yesterday's raid. 

Date of Violation: 03/02/2010
Type of violation: Exploitation – Abuse of in-game mechanics or glitches with intent to exploit or cheat in World of Warcraft.
Details: Use of Saronite Bombs to bypass The Lich King fight mechanics Consequences for Account: Account suspended for 72 hours, all items and achievements gained removed

This isn't my place to discuss whether the ban is rightful or not, however Ensidia was nice enough to provide me with more information. 

First, it seems that the bug was caused by a single rogue  always blame it on the rogues! who used Saronite Bombs  throughout the fight. Apparently the siege damage caused by the bombs bugged the encounter's mechanics and respawned the platform destroyed by the Lich King during the encounter. 

It results in the fight being fairly easier because you end up with more room to move and more importantly, you do not have to care about Valkyrs taking away your raid members anymore. They will just land on the rebuilt platform when they fall down 

The problem with the Saronite Bombs  is simple, a lot of rogues have been using them for the past months and it's been documented on ElitistJerks for quite some time now and a lot of high-end rogues who like to maximize their DPS just consider it part of their normal DPS rotation. 

Below are the WoL reports for all the boss fights in yesterday's raid.



 
Blood Princes
 
Lanathel
 
Deathwhisper
 
Festergut
 
Marrowgar

 
Putricide
 
Rotface
 
Saurfang
 
Sindragosa
 
Valithria


 
Lich King
Naihiko

These logs clearly show that Naihiko  uses Saronite Bombs all the time, and we're talking about a raid who never saw the Lich King and couldn't really know that it would bug the encounter. Additionally, I took the time to screenshot Naihiko 's damage report during his last 5 raids. I realize that two raids are in the same week, this is only because he used his alt Naihika 



 
Jan. 14
 
Jan 20.
 
Jan 24.
 
Jan 27.
 
Feb 3.

Of course, all these screenshots are based on text logs and I do realize that they can be modified easily but it does look like a lot of work to include so many entries. The only "wrong" thing Ensidia did is to keep going and kill the boss with the bug because they had no way to identify the source of the problem. Even going through raw combat logs  wouldn't help because it looks like they only show Saronite Bomb damaging NPCs.

I also want to make it clear that I'm not trying to defend or attack anyone here, I just thought it could be a good thing to bring some more information to the discussion. Hopefully, it will start a more interesting and mature discussion about the issue, you totally have the right to think that Ensidia should be banned, just don't be aggressive about it in comments. or in my mail 

This is only what Ensidia gave me; I can't prove this is the complete information, nor this hasn't been tempered. And knowing Blizzard, they won't disclose any more information they may have on their side. So I can only relate Ensidia's side of the story.