Boubouille2010-02-20, 02:50 AMImportant - This news post will be updated multiple times in the next hours! Stay tuned! There is a lot more Patch 3.3.3 info coming!

Update #7 - Added the new model of Mekkatorque and Vol'jin. 
Update #6 - Added a small info on the two new mounts, 
Update #5 - A few more details on the Ruby Sanctum from Zarhym 


Gnomeregan will be recaptured before Cataclysm!
A couple of very very very interesting achievements were added to the game files with this patch. I'm pretty sure it wasn't intentional but ...

Gnomecoming King  - You assisted High Tinker Mekkatorque and the Gnomeregan Exiles in the recapture of Gnomeregan's surface.
Gnomecoming Queen  - You assisted High Tinker Mekkatorque and the Gnomeregan Exiles in the recapture of Gnomeregan's surface.

Apparently, parts of the pre-Cataclysm event have been deployed in this patch and retaking Gnomeregan will be part of it!

Blizzard didn't forget about horde players, it looks like Trolls will play a big part in the pre-Cataclysm event for the Horde :

New taxi nodes
Durotar - ET - CC Prologue Troll Taxi Bat Start #438
Durotar - ET - CC Prologue Troll Recruit End #439
Durotar - ET - CC Prologue - Troll Battle End #440

After going through the patch files I found a couple of extra spells that might be related to the event, see the spell comparison part of the new. Also, both Vol'jin and Mekkatorque had their appearance updated.


   


New Models
A few extra models have been added with this patch. 
Two new mounts, the Blazing Hippogryph  and the Wooly White Rhino  Important - For the moment, both mounts are TCG rewards but it could change in the future if we consider that UDE and Blizzard aren't working together anymore. We'll probably hear from the blues about that at some point.
An updated model for Anduin Wrynn , the son of Varian Wrynn!


     


Spell Comparison
So far it looks like the patch notes were accurate and I couldn't notice any new class change when comparing spells tooltips. I won't list them another time just to avoid confusion, the patch notes are fine. 

New Mounts
Wooly White Rhino  - Summons and dismisses a rideable White Wooly Kodo. This is a very fast mount.
Blazing Hippogryph  - Summons and dismisses a rideable Blazing Hippogryph. This mount changes depending on your Riding skill and location.

New Pets
Frigid Frostling  - Right Click to summon and dismiss your Frigid Frostling.
Blue Clockwork Rocket Bot  - Right Click to summon and dismiss your wind-up Clockwork Rocket Bot.

Ruby Sanctum Loot
Item - Chamber of Aspects 25 Melee Trinket  - When you deal damage you have a chance to gain 1304 attack power for 15 sec. Piercing Twilight 
Item - Chamber of Aspects 25 Heroic Melee Trinket  - When you deal damage you have a chance to gain 1472 attack power for 15 sec. Piercing Twilight 
Item - Chamber of Aspects 25 Nuker Trinket  - Your damaging spells have a chance to grant 763 spell power for 15 sec. Twilight Flames 
Item - Chamber of Aspects 25 Heroic Nuker Trinket  - Your damaging spells have a chance to grant 861 spell power for 15 sec. Twilight Flames 
Item - Chamber of Aspects 25 Tank Trinket  - Melee attacks which reduce you below 35% health cause you to gain 4401 health for 10 sec. Cannot occur more than once every 30 sec. Scaly Fortitude 
Item - Chamber of Aspects 25 Heroic Tank Trinket  - Melee attacks which reduce you below 35% health cause you to gain 4968 health for 10 sec. Cannot occur more than once every 30 sec. Scaly Fortitude 
Eyes of Twilight  - Each time your direct healing spells heal a target you cause the target of your heal to heal themselves and friends within 10 yards for 356 each sec for 6 sec. Twilight Renewal 
Eyes of Twilight  - Each time your direct healing spells heal a target you cause the target of your heal to heal themselves and friends within 10 yards for 402 each sec for 6 sec. Twilight Renewal 

Potentially Pre Cataclysm Event
Motivate  - Motivates a Gnome Citizen to enlist. / 20 yd range, Instant, 3 sec cooldown
Place Poster  - Place a warning poster near one of the green markers in the Valley of Strength. / 10 yd range, 1 sec cast
Place Poster  - Place a warning poster near a green marker in Stormwind. / 10 yd range, 1 sec cast
Cult Disguise  - Disguise yourself as a member of the new Orgrimmar doomsday cult. / Instant
Doomsday Messenger  - Wear a large board emblazoned with a message about the impending end of the world. / Instant
Hydrodynamic Flippers  - Swim speed increased by 200%. / Instant
Brilliant Tactics  - For Gnomeregan! / 80 yd range, Instant
Boon of the Loa  - For the Darkspear! / 80 yd range, Instant
Gnomeregan Overcloak  - Right Click to don a cosmetic cloak. Will cover the appearance but not the effect of any existing cloak. / Instant, 1 sec cooldown
Orgrimmar Overcloak  - Right Click to don a cosmetic cloak. Will cover the appearance but not the effect of any existing cloak. / Instant, 1 sec cooldown
Attune  - Attune the captured frog to Vanira's sight at Vanira's Sentry Totem. / 10 yd range, 1 sec cast
Frogs Away!  - Toss one of Vanira's attuned frogs at one of the illuminated locations on the Echo Isles. Only works when riding a bat. / 100 yd range, Instant
Vol'jin's War Drums  - Play Vol'jin's War Drums to recruit Troll Citizens to the cause of retaking the / 10 yd range, 1 sec cast



Ruby Sanctum
The new Ruby Sanctum raid instance IS NOT PART OF PATCH 3.3.3 but a beta version of the map and the loading screen are already here.


   

Zarhym also posted a few more details on the instance and the loot you will find here.

Number 2. The lieutenants are sub-bosses which will each drop an Emblem of Frost. Halion is the main boss. While the activation of Heroic difficulty is different from the Obsidian Sanctum, the overall raid format for the Ruby Sanctum is very comparable. 
You're likely to find some random pieces of armor on par with Lich King loot, similar to the items Onyxia dropped while Trial of the Crusader was the top-tier raid. You can also expect to see some more trinkets and things of that nature. 
This raid will not only provide a bit of additional content to pair with the current content of patch 3.3, it will be the beginning of an advancement in the storyline for Cataclysm. 
The plan is to have a normal mode and a heroic mode just like Icecrown Citadel, so far there is no plan for a Sartharion +1/+2/+3-like encounter.


Interface - Auction House and Random Battlegrounds
The Auction House interface has been improved and now let you auction stacks of the same item without having to use an addon. The Battleground Queue interface has been slightly modified to include the random battleground and call to arms bonuses.


   


Patch 3.3.3: Frozo The Renowned
I'm sure some of you noticed this in the 3.3.3 PTR patch notes:

Frozo the Renowned has moved into the Dalaran Magus Commerce Exchange and will be trading your Frozen Orbs for various other trade goods.

For those curious, here are the items for which you can trade your Frozen Orbs to Frozo. These each cost 1 Frozen Orb unless noted otherwise in parentheses:

Crusader Orb 6
Runed Orb 4
Eternal Fire
Eternal Earth
Eternal Water
Eternal Air
Eternal Life
Eternal Shadow
Frost Lotus
Pattern: Frosty Flying Carpet [Tailors Only] 6


 
Don't be silly, the Frost Lotus price is obviously a bug.