Boubouille2010-03-31, 09:05 PMParagon and Premonition will merge for Cataclysm
According to a news post on Paragon http://www.paragon-wow.com/ and Premonition http://premoguild.com/forums/portal.php websites, both guilds will merge in Cataclysm to create a new entity : Paranition. 


http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/news/2010/march/paranition.png


Some of you have heard rumors about it, and today we're able to announce it officially: we are moving to US servers and merging with Premonition to join forces in Cataclysm.

While we had a very successful run in ICC, we lost the race for the first kill on all the eight first bosses, which were in fact killed before the EU servers came up. Thus, the only way to aim for perfection is to play on the US servers. This will enable us to start raiding over 12 hours earlier. To further strengthen our force, we opted to look for a partner to merge with; we chose to present Premonition with this partnership suggestion for their excellent performance and connections.

Statements were released from one of the leaders from both guilds:

When looking for US partners, Premonition was an obvious choice for us. We've had friendly relations with them for a while, and they're good guys that we'll enjoy playing with. Furthermore, their excellent track record guarantees that we will have the absolute optimal player setup for any and all challenges that Cataclysm will offer. Their connections also aided us in our search for sponsorship, and we look forward to working with them to further push the limits of World of Warcraft raiding. Paragon / Lazei

Paragon is an exceptional raiding guild that we've had a good relationship with in their brief but highly successful time as a guild. When the leadership of Paragon approached us with this idea, we were, of course, happy to work with them for a mutually worthwhile merge. We are very excited to help make the #1 raiding guild in the world the strongest it can be - by expanding the roster for the capability of maximum learning in the smallest amount of time. Premonition / Xav

In the spirit of a true merge, the new guild will be called Paranition. You can find us raiding on the lag-free realm of US-Sentinels.

We're also very, very proud to present our new main sponsorship deal with Unilever, most known for their AXE grooming product brand.


http://static.mmo-champion.com/mmoc/images/news/2010/march/paranitionaxe.jpg

NEW YORK 01 Apr 2010 AXE is giving a big boost to guys that feel the need to RAID! The iconic leader in men's care, in partnership with Blizzard, launched the brand's new product line: AXE Sunwell - Get Energized! Studies conducted about gamers concluded that this segment was completely untapped by any grooming products. The Sunwell line is targeted for appearance-conscious gamers that understand the social aspect of gaming. AXE products will now ensure that you stay uniquely fresh even during 24-hour raiding sessions and LAN-parties.

Many thanks to our sponsors; this merge would not have been possible without those private English classes to overcome the language barrier. Also many thanks to all our supporters, and see you on the US servers - fresh!