Boubouille2010-03-08, 09:29 PMPatch 3.3.3 - PTR Build 11643
A new build has been deployed on test realms. So far it doesn't look like there are a lot of changes out there but stay tuned, test realms can be full of surprises! 

Pets / Mounts
Lil' XT  finally got its own model, the name is VERY similar to Lil' K.T.  and it wouldn't be surprising to see this pet appear on the Blizzard Store at some point. 


 

On a sidenote, both Celestial Steed  and X-53 Touring Rocket  got their own spell and are confirmed to be 310% flying mount. 
Celestial Steed Video 
X-53 Touring Rocket Screenshot 

Spell Comparison
These changes are generated by comparing the data available in the client, keep in mind that they could be temporary or just wrong if they are not in the official notes.
Items
Item - Coliseum 25 Normal Healer Trinket  - Now affects all spells instead of just helpful spells.
Item - Coliseum 25 Heroic Healer Trinket  - Now affects all spells instead of just helpful spells.

Icecrown Citadel
Strength of Wrynn  and Hellscream's Warsong  now also boost the effect of damage absorption spells. 

 Death Knight Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Glyphs
Glyph of Icebound Fortitude  now always grants at least 40% damage reduction.

 Priest Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Glyphs
Glyph of Scourge Imprisonment  now reduces the cast time of your Shackle Undead by 1 sec. Up from 0.5 sec

 Rogue Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Glyphs
Glyph of Feint  now reduces the energy cost of Feint by 20. Up from 10
Glyph of Expose Armor  now increases the duration of Expose Armor by 12 sec. Up from 10 sec
Glyph of Deadly Throw  now increases the slowing effect on Deadly Throw by 20%. Up from 10%

 Warlock
Dark Pact  now has a 100 yards range up from 30 yards and ignores the line of sight. 


Official Notes Update
The Patch 3.3.3 PTR Notes  have been updated to reflect the changes made in this build. 
 Warlock Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Dark Pact  This ability no longer requires line-of-sight with the summoned demon, and the range has been increased from 30 yards to 100 yards.

Technical
Frame Rate: A maximum capacity of 200 frames per second has been added. To disable the frame rate limit, the following line should be added to the Config.wtf file: SET maxFPS "0".