Boubouille2010-05-12, 12:05 AMUpdate - Added today's news to the current post to keep the Cataclysm announcement on top, just to make sure that mods don't yell at users who won't understand what's going on.

Cataclysm content removed from the site
Blizzard asked us to remove all the content from the Cataclysm Alpha on the site. I don't have any reason or project to be an internet superhero because none of the underwear I have look nice over my pants and I'm in the process of removing all the content from the site.

Obviously, it also means that a few rules changed for you, my wonderful users:

You cannot post anything from the Cataclysm Alpha on the forums. You can only discuss what was already posted on official sites/blue posts. 
Any screenshot from the Alpha will be removed and will earn you a 1 week ban. We will start enforcing this rule tomorrow to make sure you had time to read this post. 
I will track down anyone mentioning an emulated server/sandbox on my forums, find where he lives, and steal all his left shoes. You will also be banned permanently for that. 
No Blizzard-hate posts either, I support their decisions even when they aren't the nicest thing for me. 
Obviously, bans aren't retroactive and you won't get banned if you posted about something 3 days ago. It will just be deleted

Important - People who posted on the new Cataclysm forums should know about two things :
Your posts aren't deleted, people who worked hard on compilations will just have their posts archived "somewhere" and we'll bring them back when the NDA is lifted.
The new Cataclysm forums are also hidden for the moment. Stick to the old Cataclysm General Discussions forums and please be nice. 

I apologize for the short notice, the content will be back as soon as the NDA is lifted. 


Recent In-Game Fixes - May 2010 - 5/11
Listed below are recent fixes we have applied to the game. Keep in mind that some of these changes may not be active until after the realm has been restarted.

To review previous in-game fixes, please visit: 

5/11
The amount of health has been increased on demolishers in the Strand of the Ancients battleground. 


Ruby Sanctum 3.3.5 PTR Testing
Now that the 3.3.5 patch is available for PTR testing, we wanted to have a round of focus testing for Ruby Sanctum this Thursday, May 13. Only normal mode will be available, with Heroic testing to occur at a later date.

Everything related to this zone is implemented for this test, please note any issues with the trash creatures and sub-bosses, loot, achievements, and quests.

US Testing Schedule: Thursday, May 13 starting at 19:00 EDT.

EU Testing Schedule: Thursday, May 13 starting at 19:30 CEST.

We plan to allow testing for an extended period on Thursday. However since this is the Test Realm, unforeseen issues could delay or cancel testing at any time.


World of Warcraft Official Magazine Issue #2
The second issue of the World of Warcraft Official Magazine is winging its way to subscribers' mailboxes now. It features a spectacular high-quality, double-foldout cover depicting Deathwing in battle with Alexstrasza.

Inside you'll find a guide to Azeroth’s dragons, a look at the lore of the titans, an interview with the development team behind the game's quests, expert advice from top raiding guilds and PvPers, and much more.

For a sneak preview of some of this issue's articles and info on how to subscribe, head over to- 


Blue posts
Adding a friend through Real ID
To add a Real ID friend to your friends list, one of you will need to know the others email address. When you add someone as a Real ID friend, a request will be sent to the person you invite and they'll need to accept the request before you can see their information character, server, etc. in your friends list.

Your email address is not displayed in the friends list, and not visible to friends of people you are Real ID friends with. 

Crowd Control in Cataclysm
Not every pull is going to require crowd control, but there will be pulls that require crowd control, which isn't really the case today. Once you overgear content you overgear it, and you can take shortcuts.

We're going to make sure warriors have reasonable crowd control. Redesigning Intimidating Shout is a likely candidate. Death knights may need something more reliable depending on how they shake out with the resource changes. We're making some other adjustments here and there, but for the most part every other class has something they can do. Source 

[...] There are exceptions of course and it depends a lot on your group composition and the skill of your players, but generally we assume that CC is something for which the dps players in the group are responsible.

Under that model, Mind Control works fine for priest crowd control since the healers have plenty to do already. Mind Control won't work on every type of target, but many types of crowd control have a target type limitation. We think having to approach a pull differently depending on your comp is one of those things that makes classes feel distinct from each other. It's hard to put together a 5-player dungeon group or a 10-player raid in Cataclysm that is totally helpless with regard to crowd control. If you don't like approaching encounters as puzzles to be solved, and / or really aren't interested in dungeons being challenging, then stick with normal dungeons or wait until you outgear the heroics. Source 

Mob positioning bug
It was pretty bad in 3.3, but then we fixed some things in 3.3.3 to get it back to how it felt earlier. In general, if you don't move at all, then a mob targeting you shouldn't move either. The only exceptions would be if they were trying to coordinate with their own allies in some specialized cases. But if you move, even if you rotate or shift just a little, then the mob is going to try to get back into position as well.

There's some interesting speculation above for reasons I am perceived to have given for why the situation exists. : The actual reason it exists is that if mobs did not quickly reposition, you could get them into a mode where they couldn't hit you because they would always moving back into position to hit you. They would be doing too much adjusting and not enough hitting. I'm simplifying a lot, so suggestions like "Why can't they just move and swing at the same time?" aren't super helpful. We don't want tanks to feel like what they're supposed to do is shift around constantly to minimize taking damage. It's a fine line between mob movement feeling correct and minimizing potential exploits. Source 

 Death Knight Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Death Knight changes in Cataclysm
For every player who liked the fast pace of having to hit a button every GCD, there were plenty of others who found it tedious, repetitive and exhausting. I'm just asking you to be realistic about the accuracy of posts you read that say "Nobody was asking for this" or "This is not what we want."

The main goal of the resource change is to buy DKs some free GCDs. Currently some abilities just can't compete, even if free, because you don't have the GCD to use that button. However, it's also not the goal that DKs stand around doing nothing for long stretches because all their runes are used up and everything else is on cooldown. Being GCD locked isn't a fun place to be, for any class. You can't vary your actions at all -- in fact you are often such a slave to those actions that you have tunnel vision for your UI even if modded and can't react to the dynamic nature of most encounters these days. If anything messes up your rotation, say you have to move or are temporarily CC'd, then everything just falls apart.

We don't get every change in place before making an alpha or beta build. It's much like the way large patches roll out but to an even greater degree -- you'll see some changes, then some more, until the rate of change ultimately slows down right before ship. There are very few Cataclysm mechanics, and no classes, that we think are "done" yet. Source 

 Warrior Forums  / Talent Calculator 
Heroic Strike
The design intent for Heroic Strike has pretty much always been that you use it to bleed off excess rage and convert that into damage. We haven’t been happy for some time that warriors can hit a near-infinite rage plateau, but we knew changing that would be a major overhaul one best saved until now, for instance. In the meantime, we have to balance around damage actually being done by warriors. We can’t say “Well, we didn’t want them to convert nearly every white swing into a Heroic Strike, so we’ll just pretend they don’t when we do the numbers.” We have to balance around actual performance, not design intent, up until the point where something violates the design intent enough for us to want to change it.

The Cataclysm design for Heroic Strike gets the ability back into the role where we want it. There is no reason to conclude warrior dps is hopeless without it. We have dozens of knobs to turn, from the damage done by Devastate and Shield Slam to stats on gear to the new passive talent tree bonuses. Imagine that we are changing every number in the game – some will get lower and some will get higher. That makes it fairly meaningless to try and do any kind of mathematical analysis on the way mechanics will work. I understand that the temptation is there though. : Discussing the role of abilities or how they might functions is perfectly appropriate. Concocting equations that look something like X + [a bunch of stuff I can’t measure yet] > Y is a little premature. Source 

Inner Rage

It could be 10% rage and 300% damage if those are the appropriate numbers to use. We provided numbers for some abilities in the preview so that players would get a vague sense of the intent of the ability. We tried to caveat that a lot so that players wouldn't freak out about the math. Numbers are trivial for us to change -- that's not the challenging part of adding an ability. Now figure out the right number can be quite challenging.

If the numbers scare you, imagine that we just said the goal of the ability is that when you hit max rage instead of wasting it like you'd do today, you enter into a state where you do increased damage for increased rage cost so that the rage bar drops, but you aren't penalized for it. The trick to that design is we also don't want warriors just doing nothing until they hit 100 rage before they can start having fun. We don't want you to constantly be worried about trying to get Inner Rage to proc. But we also don't want you to worry if a string of crits or big incoming damage or something suddenly floods you with rage faster than Heroic Strike / Cleave / Execute can drain it again. It's a safety valve, but hopefully a fun one, and not something that rarely comes into play. If somehow we nail rage management so tightly that you're just never near 100 rage, then we'd have to come up with a different ability. I'm not optimistic that will happen given warrior history, but the Cataclysm rage model is pretty radical too. Source 

[...] It's not supposed to be a double-edged sword. It's supposed to let you convert rage into damage at a faster rate when you have too much rage. In your example, you're going to be doing more damage and therefore more threat while its active. In other words, you are going to be doing the exact same thing rage -> damage you would be doing if you weren't at 100 rage. There isn't a currently a warrior strategy that encourages doing nothing and just building rage, and I don't see why there would be one in Cataclysm. Maybe if Shield Wall cost 50 rage and you always needed to save some for emergencies, but we're not going to do that. At most you might need 10 rage for Pummel or Shield Bash, and even in that case Inner Rage doesn't drain your rage. It would be different if the mechanic was "all your abilities hit harder, but your rage goes to zero for the next 30 sec." Normally, you should *want* to spend rage. Source 