Boubouille2010-05-13, 05:40 PMUpdate - Todays PTR testing has been cancelled. EU testing has been rescheduled until the 18th Tuesday, however the US do not yet have a date.
US Testing Schedule: 
Date to be determined 

EU Testing Schedule: 
Tuesday, May 18 starting at 19:30 CEST.


The PTRs servers are still mostly down and at this point I'm not really sure if we will see anything happen today. Well, at least we have a couple of screenshots from the instance, Thanks to NicoNero on the forums !


     
     

Cataclysm Beta Opt-In
Get those opt-ins ready for the World of Warcraft: Cataclysm closed beta! The sundering of Azeroth is nigh, and you don’t want to be left out in the cold of Northrend when you could be enjoying the sun-drenched beaches on the goblin isle of Kezan. To ensure you’re opted-in and eligible as a potential candidate, you’ll need a World of Warcraft license attached to your Battle.net account, have your current system specifications uploaded to the Battle.net Beta Profile Settings  page, and have expressed interest through the franchise-specific check boxes.

So get your opt-ins set up, updated, and ready; we're worgen real hard to get the beta going soon! 

Blue posts

 Death Knight Forums  / Talent Calculator 
DK Rotations in Cataclysm Source 
The point is not that we want a DK to hit a yellow attack then sit around waiting until they can do something fun again.

The point is that we have no room to add anything to the DK rotation. If we wanted to add "clearcasting" style procs or cooldowns finishing sooner or runes regenerating sooner, we can't really do that because the DK doesn't have room in a very tight rotation to use those abilities. If you try and use your GCD on anything else, then the whole rotation collapses because then your runes aren't coming back at the right time or your diseases are expiring or whatever.

Imagine 1-4 are rotational abilities like Icy Touch and Blood Strike and F = "fun thing".

DK rotation today: 1233331233334123333123333
DK rotation in Cataclysm: 123333-F-12-F-33334123333-F- 


Recent In-Game Fixes - May 2010 - 5/12
Listed below are recent fixes we have applied to the game. Keep in mind that some of these changes may not be active until after the realm has been restarted.

To review previous in-game fixes, please visit: 

5/12
Byran Landers in Dalaran is no longer continuously repeating his greeting emote. 

Cataclysm Screenshots of the Day
I missed a couple of screenshots of the day this week because ... well, they weren't that needed. They are now! 



 
Blasted Lands
 
Hyjal
 
Grim Batol Dungeon
 
Forsaken Invasion of Gilneas