Boubouille2010-04-21, 06:22 AMImportant - The Blue Tracker http://blue.mmo-champion.com/ is mostly back online!

2010 Arena Tournament Registration Open
The 2010 Arena Tournament is now official. 
We’re glad to announce that registration for the 2010 World of Warcraft Arena Tournament is now open.

Now is the time to get your teammates together and get registered for the biggest online Arena competition World of Warcraft has to offer with a total cash pool of over $200,000!

The exclusive Armored Murloc in-game pet is an additional earnable reward for all participants, and members of the top 1000 teams will also be given an exclusive title for their eligible live characters as well.

If you have any questions or would like more details, please read the FAQ, and remember to check our tournament News Section for more updates: http://www.worldofwarcraft.com/pvp/tournament/news.xml

2010 Arena Tournament FAQ
The FAQ is pretty long and you should check the official site for the full version http://www.worldofwarcraft.com/pvp/tournament/faq.xml. I will only quote the most important answers below.
What is the 2010 World of Warcraft Arena Tournament?
The 2010 World of Warcraft Arena Tournament is a competition based on the Arena System in World of Warcraft. All teams participating in the tournament will be competing on regional tournament realms -- separate from the live realms -- for a spot to play at the live events and win prizes. In addition, there is a registration fee to join. This specialized format provides a means for high-level players to face off in an intensely competitive environment that emphasizes strategy, skill, and execution over all other elements of play.

The tournament will consist of one regional qualifier, followed by the regional finals. Winners of the regional finals will be invited to compete in a global championship. The cash prize package for this tournament, including prizes awarded at the regional finals and world championship, amounts to more than $200,000.

What is the format for this year’s Arena Tournament?
Participating players will gain access to our dedicated tournament realms and be able to create up to three level-80 characters per registered account. This special realm will allow players to fully customize tournament characters with some of the best items available in the game. We will continue to use the 3v3 Arena format for this year's competition. Please note that the standard 2v2, 3v3, and 5v5 Arena season games will continue as normal on the live realms and will not be interrupted by this tournament.

What are some special features of this year’s Arena Tournament?
Customizable level 80 character templates with gear from the Wrath of the Lich King expansion.
Tournament vendors have been updated with some of the best items available in Northrend.
Players can earn the exclusive Armored Murloc pet for their live characters.
Players can earn the exclusive “Vanquisher” title for their live characters over level 71.
Cash prizes totaling over $200,000.

How do the dedicated tournament realms work?
By signing up for the tournament, players will be granted access to special tournament realms. They will be able to create up to three new level-80 characters of any race and class combination on these realms. There will be special vendors available who will have epic gear for players to choose from for equipping tournament characters. These realms have been created for the sake of the tournament and will not have any PvE instances or Battlegrounds available. Only Arenas will be available at this time.

How will each character obtain gear and other commodities?
Upon entering the world with a new character, nearby NPCs in your starting area will outfit the character with gear, training, class-specific needs such as soul shards and hunter pets, and all the gold you'll need. In fact, everything your character will need to participate in the tournament will be located conveniently in your starting area.

Can I have more than three people on my team roster?
Yes. You can have up to six players on your 3v3 Arena Tournament team for the online qualifiers. The additional players will act as "bench" players in case one of your starting three cannot play, or if you want to change the makeup of your team. If your team advances to the live events, however, you will have to choose three players to represent your team. These players can choose which characters they wish to play at the live events and may switch characters as needed.

How do I check my rankings?
Team rankings will be available on WorldofWarcraft.com at the Armory and updated daily, with the tournament realm making up the Coliseum battlegroup.

How is the tournament structured?
There will be one online qualifier that will run for eight weeks. The first four weeks of the qualifier will be used for practice. After the practice period, ratings will be reset and the tournament will continue for four weeks. To encourage team stability, there will be a 150 team rating penalty for any player additions to your team during the first two weeks after the practice period. Player rosters will be locked down during the final two weeks of the tournament, and no changes may be made to your team during that time. Please make any adjustments to your final team roster prior to the roster lockdown. The top eight eligible teams from the online qualifier will advance to the regional finals. The top teams from each regional final will be invited to represent their respective region at the global world championship.

What are the prizes?
The available prizes are listed below:

Players who participate in at least 50 rated tournament games on one character and with the same team during the last four weeks of the online qualifier will be eligible for the Armored Murloc pet for their live characters.
Players who have a character in one of the top 1000 teams and have participated in at least 100 rated tournament games during the last four weeks of the online qualifier will receive the “Vanquisher” title for their live characters level 71 and over.
The grand prize for the global invitational world championship will be $75,000 for the top team. The top team of each regional final will receive $15,000. For more information, check the complete breakdown of prizes in the rules.
Please Note: The characters that players use to qualify for the above prizes must play all of their qualifying games on the same team and must remain on that team for the duration of the tournament. If a player leaves their team at any time, it may void their eligibility by resetting the number of games needed to be played. The live characters players wish to receive the in-game prizes must be on the same account as the one registered for the tournament.

How many games do I have to play to be eligible to qualify?
Each team must play a minimum of 100 rated games during the last four weeks of the qualifier and each player, including "bench players," must participate in at least 30% of the team's total games to be eligible to advance to the regional finals. If a team were to play the minimum of 100 games, then each player on the team would have to have played in at least 30 of those games. Only three players per team will be eligible to attend the live events.

Why is there an entry fee to join the 2010 World of Warcraft Arena Tournament?
There are several reasons for the entry fee, one of which being that, as with most professional tournaments, the fee helps ensure that participants are invested in the competition and remain dedicated to it for the duration of the tournament. In addition, the stakes are higher for this tournament than for standard Arena play, with a total prize pool of more than $200,000 in cash prizes up for grabs. Furthermore, this format should help provide high-level players with an intensely competitive, even playing field on the tournament realms. 


Blue posts
Arena Tournament 2010 Starting Date
The realms will open on April 27 with the launch of the tournament. Source http://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/thread.html?topicId=24401512340&pageNo=1#12

Arena Tournament 2010 Rewards
The pet and title are the same as for the 2009 tournament. The only difference is in the way loot codes are now applied to World of Warcraft licenses. Once the code is applied to an account, all characters on that license should receive the pet, including characters that have yet to be created. Source http://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/thread.html?topicId=24401512363&pageNo=2#20

[...] While it would be cool to provide a new pet, we're not necessarily trying to encourage as many people as possible to pay $20 and sign up for this tournament ultimately because they want a new pet. It's a nice perk to encourage people, but we don't want the Arena Tournament to be a more complicated version of the Pet Store. We want players who are serious about competing to sign up for the tournament, not just a reason to take in more money through offering a new vanity pet with each new tournament. Source http://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/thread.html?topicId=24401512363&pageNo=3#45

Celestial Steed, where is the line?
This is a very fine, but determined line. The purpose of allowing the Celestial Steed to scale with your riding skill is so that it can be useful to anyone in the game, but does not provide one with a better mount from a gameplay standpoint. Source http://blue.mmo-champion.com/t/24401902589/the-downfall-of-wow-blizzard/

Goblins and Worgens at the Argent Tournament
The short, simple answer is no. Goblins and worgen will not be represented at the Argent Tournament. Source http://forums.worldofwarcraft.com/thread.html?topicId=24401852607&pageNo=1#16