Boubouille2010-06-07, 11:18 PMUpdate - Remote AH Beta Test just ended.

Remote Auction House Beta Test - Update 06/07

The beta has ended and the Remote Auction House is now live! Thank you to everyone who participated in helping us test this new feature. For more information on how to obtain the app and subscribe to the service visit 


Cataclysm Beta -- Guild Contest
If you think you and your guildmates have what it takes to make invaluable beta testers, take a stab at our Cataclysm Beta -- Guild Contest. All you need to do is tell us in a short essay why you and nine of your guildmates should be in the World of Warcraft: Cataclysm beta test. We’ll be picking 100 winning submissions each week for five weeks, for a total of 5,000 beta keys at stake! 



<div style="width:70%;"><hr></hr></div>

For World of Warcraft: Cataclysm, we’re looking for a healthy handful of guilds to join us in the beta test process. If you think your guild would supply the perfect candidates for testing the limits of Cataclysm's content and systems, tell us why!

4. Entry in the contest.
Beginning on the Commencement Date, you can enter the Contest by emailing a short essay 50 to 250 words elaborating on why the World of Warcraft guild that the entrant is the guild master of should take part in the World of Warcraft: Cataclysm Beta Test to blizzardcontest@blizzard.com. Your submission must be in English, and must be between 50 and 250 words in length to be considered for the Contest. You are limited to one 1 entry in the Contest. Any entries or submissions which depict or glorify overly graphic, lewd, obscene, vulgar or profane behavior, or which utilize lewd, obscene vulgar or profane language, either as part of the submission or as the name of the submission, will be disqualified at the sole discretion of Sponsor. 

All you have to do is send an email to 
blizzardcontest@blizzard.com containing a short essay between 50 and 250 words explaining why we should bring you and nine of your guild mates on-board. We’ll be picking 100 winning submissions from eligible participants each week for five weeks beginning Monday, June 7th through Monday, July 12th.

Before entering the contest, be sure to read the full contest rules  details and eligibility.

Important - Adobe Flash Player Vulnerability
A critical vulnerability has been discovered in Adobe Flash Player 10.0.45.2 and Adobe Reader/Acrobat 9.x, and could potentially be used to target World of Warcraft players and accounts. The newest available version of Adobe Flash 10.1, Release Candidate 7 available at , does not appear to contain this vulnerability, and we recommend that everyone upgrade their Flash player as soon as possible. Earlier versions of Adobe Reader and Acrobat, specifically version 8.x, do not appear to contain this vulnerability, either.

For more information, please visit Adobe.com: 

Get an Authenticator if you haven't got one already. Get your very own guard dog and secure your account at the same time. Visit  for more info!

I would also like to add that this is NOT a virus. The only way to protect yourself from this kind of vulnerability is to keep your system up-to-date in all ways, including Flash. 

Curse Client Google Ad Scam
A few months ago a couple of people got hacked because of malicious google ads redirecting to fake armory pages. See this news 

The same problem is now affecting the Curse.com  client that many of you use to update and download addon. 




Whenever you try to reach a popular WoW site including mmo-champion always type the URL in your browser's adress bar or bookmark it, don't click links from external websites or google them.