Boubouille2010-06-07, 06:48 AMExtended 24H Maintenance 06/08/10 - Select Realms
WoW will be down for 24 hours on some servers and we're all going to die. Gnomes first.
We will be performing extended maintenance on the realms listed below on Tuesday, June 8th, beginning at 12:01 AM PDT. The maintenance is scheduled for 24 hours as we prepare for the upcoming expansion. These realms will be playable again at approximately 12:01 AM PDT on Wednesday, June 9th.

All realms not listed below will undergo scheduled maintenance beginning at 5:00am PDT and will be available for play at approximately 11:00 AM PDT.

Aegwynn, Akama, Aman'Thul, Arathor, Azjol-Nerub, Barthilas, Blackrock, Bloodscalp, Bonechewer, Boulderfist, Bronzebeard, Caelestrasz, Chromaggus, Crushridge, Daggerspine, Darkspear, Dath'Remar, Draenor, Dragonblight, Dragonmaw, Drak'thul, Draka, Dreadmaul, Dunemaul, Eitrigg, Eldre'Thalas, Feathermoon, Firetree, Frostmane, Frostmourne, Frostwolf, Garithos, Gundrak, Gurubashi, Hakkar, Jubei'Thos, Khaz Modan, Khaz'goroth, Kil'jaeden, Kilrogg, Korgath, Kul Tiras, Malorne, Mug'thol, Muradin, Nagrand, Nathrezim, Ner'zhul, Perenolde, Proudmoore, Rexxar, Runetotem, Saurfang, Scarlet Crusade, Sen'jin, Shadow Council, Shadowsong, Silver Hand, Silvermoon, Skywall, Smolderthorn Spirestone, Stonemaul, Stormscale, Suramar, Terenas, Thaurissan, Thorium Brotherhood, Tichondrius, Uldum, Vek'nilash, Windrunner

Thank you for your patience 


Korean World of Warcraft Beta Contest
There is an ongoing contest  on the official korean website. 


 

After poking around on Twitter I finally found someone willing to translate the important part thanks Kyiran!  


<h2></h2>

World of Warcraft: Cataclysm Beta Test Invitation Event basically, contest
Period : 3 June 2010 ~ 12 June 2010 until 11:59 PM
Whom: World of Warcraft Members like, subscribers

How to Participate
월드 오브 워크래프트 공식 홈페이지의 모험가협회 토론장에 방문하셔서 이벤트 글타래인 ‘대격변에서 고블린과 늑대인간의 캐릭터명으로 만들어 주고 싶은 이름은?’ 글타래에 답변을 남겨주시면 됩니다.
Visit the Warcraft Official Homepage's Adventurer Association Forums and leave a message in a thread "What will you name your Cataclysm Goblin and Worgen characters?"
참여 하신 분들 중 총 1000명에게 추첨을 통해 대격변 비공개 베타 테스트에 참여하실 수 있는 초대권을 선물로 드립니다.
As a gift we will select 1000 people who participate and send them an invitation to participate in the World of Warcraft Closed Beta Test.

Announcement and Confirmation of the Winners Method
당첨자 발표 일정 : 6월 15일 오후
Winners will be announced on the 15th of June in the afternoon
초대권 발송 일정 및 확인 방법 : 당첨되신 초대권은 한국 비공개 베타 테스트의 일정에 맞추어, 월드 오브 워크래프트 공식 홈페이지의 [계정 관리] > [우편함]을 통해 개별적으로 발송될 예정입니다.
This part is a bit more difficult but it's basically about confirming participation at the official website via your mailbox forum inbox? where you recieve the invitation in the "Korean" closed beta test. It specificies the beta test as "korean" here where it doesn't elsewhere.


<h2></h2>

This could be a fairly interesting information, especially because of the timing. 

There is a beta contest, and winners will supposedly be announced on June 15th.
As far as I know, there is a WoW Press Tour @ Blizzard HQ this week for official fansites.
5 Screenshots on the Day have been uploaded on Blizzard's site before the week-end. = until Tuesday

Don't get your hopes too high, especially since the korean page also clearly states that it doesn't mean that the beta will start on June 15th but the timing is definitely interesting and I will live in the hope of a beta/NDA lift for the rest of the week.


Comics
This week we have Dark Legacy Comic #241 , Teh Gladiators #138 + #139  and a follow-up of last week's comic with Questionable Content #1680  


 
   