Boubouille2010-07-16, 08:13 AMClass Pages Update
The bug you experienced with the class pages or any other "big" pages are now fixed. Masteries are gone for the moment and have been replaced with the Primary Skills of each spec. 


         
         

Also, during the fix/upgrade of the site yesterday we introduced a special feature to make the forums more active: your posts are now randomly posted twice when you hit the Submit button! Translation: Yeah, known bug, will fix today 


Hunter - Cataclysm Pet/Stable Interface
The Call Stabled Pet  has been revamped in Cataclysm. 
You can now have 5 active pets and 20 inactive pets.
You can swap between your active pets at any time without any cooldown. The only restriction is to be out of combat. 
To change your active/inactive pets, you have to visit a Stable Master in the nearest town. 


Sadly, the feature is currently heavily bugged on beta realms and you will have to wait the next build to give it a try. 


 


Western Plaguelands in Cataclysm
The Western Plaguelands are now ready for testing on the Beta realm and it's definitely one of the zone that will make rerolling interesting in the expansion. Blizzard changed the zone completely and familiar faces are now in charge of the Alliance and Horde settlements.


         
         
       
   

Scholomance was also changed and you will probably go through it at least once to do all the quests. What? You don't want to do all the prereqs just to get the instance quests? Don't worry, they're all at the entrance of the instance now. The instance itself didn't change too much, monsters are now level 4x. 


       

 


BlizzCon 2010 Charity Dinner Ticket Opt-In Now Open
On Thursday, October 21, the evening before BlizzCon, we're hosting a special dinner to benefit the CHOC Children's Foundation, where guests will have an opportunity to meet and chat with game developers, artists, executives and other folks from Blizzard Entertainment. If you'd like a chance to attend, visit our ticket-drawing page  between now and July 17 at 11:59 p.m. Pacific to enter a drawing for a chance to purchase up to two tickets to the event. Tickets are priced at $500 each and include admission to this year's BlizzCon. For more information or to enter the drawing, visit the BlizzCon 2010 Charity Dinner website  


Concept Art
2 New Concept Arts have been added to the Concept Art Gallery  on the official site.


   


Fan Arts
The Blizzard Fan Art Section  has been updated with 3 new pieces of fan artwork set within the Warcraft universe. 


     