Boubouille2010-07-15, 07:16 AMTalent Frame - Updated Interface
The Talent Frame was updated in the latest patch to reflect the recent changes to the talent trees. Blizzard released a couple of screenshots 


     

On a sidenote, it seems that a lot of people used the old talent calculator yesterday. It was updated automatically but the only reliable Cataclysm calculator you should use is   The old one doesn't have prereqs and make most of your builds useless. The old talent calc only stays around for 3.3.5 Live builds


Pet Classes - "Move To" Command
A new action has been added to the Pet bar in the latest beta build. You can now order your pet to Move to a targeted location and stay there.


 


Developer Chat on Twitter -- 7.16.10
We will be holding our next developer chat on Twitter on Friday, July 16, at 5:00 p.m. PDT with World of Warcraft's systems design team. This chat session will focus on the recently-announced talent specialization and Mastery system changes coming in Cataclysm: 

We'll be taking questions live through Twitter, so be sure to sign up for a Twitter account at  and follow @Warcraft to participate.

To submit a question for the developer chat, please tweet using the #BlizzChat hashtag between 5:00 p.m. and 6:00 p.m. PDT on July 16. Due to Twitter's character limitations, all answers will be posted in a dedicated thread on the World of Warcraft forums. 


Blue posts
A typical day @ Blizzard
Most of the day is spent in communication of some sort. We'll have formal meetings where we review a current talent tree. We have just tons and tons of discussions of "Hey, guys, I had an idea," or "Hey, I can't solve this problem. Any thoughts?" We do work quite closely with the programmers implementing things like the new talent UI or the new scaling spell model. We also work closely with the artists coming up with new spell visuals. Our QA department is constantly trying to sort through what the design of the moment is, and they do a great job of triaging the totally broken things from the "fix this before we ship" things. The community team brings us concerns that they have seen on the forums or from their interactions with players. This is particularly true for the non-English forums, because my non-English for one is sadly lacking. History geek that I am, I studied Ancient Greek in college, which serves me about as well in day to day life as you probably imagine.

GC's got friends in every town and village from here to the Sudan. He speaks a dozen languages, knows every local custom. He'll blend in -- disappear -- you'll never see him again. With any luck... he's got the Grail already.

GC: Does anyone here speak English? Or even Ancient Greek?

There aren't many typical days. Sometimes we will spend literally hours discussing one problem. The last few days it has been the paladin rotations. We'll throw things on white boards, send out some ideas to guys not actually in the office, try out some stuff in game to see how it feels, and get feedback from anyone who has recently run one of the new dungeons or tried a new BG. We interact a lot with the community outside of the building, visibly on forums like this one, but through email, IRC and even in game. There are a lot of excellent PvP and PvE players with whom I regularly correspond, and I want to call out any of you reading this and thank you publically.

Overall the environment is very collaborative. The team as a whole by which I mean the artists, programmers, producers and everyone else don't get enough credit for the design decisions that go into the game. In many cases, my guys are just the implementers, but the ideas and feedback come from everyone working on WoW. Source 

Beta Testing
Deepholm - Alliance Gunship crash
If you are experiencing client crashes in the area near the Alliance Gunship, temporarily turn your graphic settings to low and set your view distance to the minimum setting. After you’ve completed the quests at the gunship, feel free to restore your settings.

The fix for this issue has already been implemented in the next build. Source 

Deepholm - Temple of Earth
The Temple of Earth should be a sanctuary, if that's what you're talking about. Everything else is fair game for PVP. This area should be flagged correctly in the next build. Source 

Player vs. Player
Anti-Crowd Control Talents
We are getting rid of a lot of the "being CC'd doesn't really counter you" talents, because we think they have led to classes not having weaknesses. The fact that instant casts are so important in PvP we think is a direct result from mobility being so important which is a direct result of nobody being controlled. We just need to chill all of that stuff out. If CCs are too potent, we want to nerf the CCs, not give everyone "CCs are impotent" talents. Source 

Classes
This is a first pass
While this is a first pass on all of the talent trees, death knight, druid, paladin, warlock, Arcane mage, and Assassination rogue trees are not as far along as other specializations. Source 

Damage vs. Utility Talents
Those are actually the decisions we're looking for. Trying to decide between dps and utility isn't a decision for PvE anyway and choosing damage vs. damage is a decision most players make by going to third party sites. We want you to be able to get all of the damage talents you reasonably can, and be making decisions over the utility talents. Source 

Damage / PvP Talents loss
Yes. Every class lost "PvP isn't so hard on me" talents and every class lost passive damage. Source 

Stats / Damage Loss
In any case, many of the trees lost passive stat bonuses like this. If you want Strength, gear for it. The damage of every class will be adjusted according to the new talent trees. Source 

Passive talents in early tiers
I did say that the first two tiers were liable to contain passive talents. This is for three reasons. First, these are available at very low level where you have few abilities to make a real rotation. Second, they need to be pretty understandable to new players including experienced players trying a new class for the first time. Third, they need to be attractive to subspecs at high level.

There are placeholder talents in various places in the trees though, and we'll keep iterating on all of them throughout beta. This is a pretty big change to every class. Source 

Modifying spell coefficients
We're probably not going to have any talents that modify coefficients. Those are really mathy talents and super-confusing for non hardcore players. It also means the talents aren't useful until you have end-game levels of stats on your gear. We'll just increase the damage or healing total, which affects the flat points as well as the coefficients. Source 

 Death Knight Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Build 12479 Skills/Talents 
 Druid Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Build 12479 Skills/Talents 
Moonkin Form missing from the Talent Tree
We are experimenting between Moonkin Form and Starsurge being the level 10 bonus the other will be the first active ability in the talent tree. Source 

 Hunter Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Build 12479 Skills/Talents 
Cobra Shot
Marks and Survival generally won't use Cobra Shot in PvE -- mobs don't change their armor. BM will use Cobra Shot in PvP and PvE. Source 

 Mage Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Build 12479 Skills/Talents 
Arcane
Arcane has two passive talents early right now, Torment the Weak and Netherwind Presence. We would like to replace one of them. We do want the early talents to be relatively simple, useful at low level and attractive for subspec though. Source 

 Paladin Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Build 12479 Skills/Talents 
Warning: Paladin Skills/Talents in current beta build
These are old talents. This is not the paladin revamp that we said was coming. Sorry, you'll just have to wait a little bit longer. Source 

Removal of Judgement of Wisdom
This is true. JoW was really only a big deal for hunters, shaman and paladins themselves, and those are all solvable in other ways. Source 

Divine Illumination
There is no Divine Illumination. Divine Favor is 100% chance to crit on your next heal with a 1 min cooldown. [...] It is still called Divine Favor, still grants a 100% crit chance to the direct heals and Holy Shock to tie into all the "on crit" mechanics in the tree and has a 1 min cooldown. Source 

Paladin Questions Source 
1. Are Sanctified Ret, Swift Ret, Sanctuary, and Imp Dev Aura going to remain 3-pt talents? They feel too expensive this way. Maybe they can be rolled into individual talents, or changed to cost 2-pts each.
One of Sanctified and Swift is 2 points and the other is 1 point. I can't remember which without looking. Imp Dev Aura is dead. 

2. The whole reactive Judgement thing feels weird to me. If a Ret is taking a lot of damage in PvP, he no longer has to worry about mana? I'm all for new mechanics and making E4E a strong talent, but I'm not sure I like this. On the same note, how about Purifying Power -- if a Holy Paladin dispels his teammate, will it break CC on the enemy who applied the debuff? 
Reactive Judgements is also dead.

I'm going to regret saying this, but the paladin trees are the most changed in the game. There are only a few of the current beta talents that survived the, um, cleansing. 

Holy Shield
We are going to turn both Holy Shield and Shield Block into short cooldowns. A short cooldown is an ability that you don't save for an absolute emergency like Shield Wall but we also don't want it to be on such a short cooldown that it feels maintenance-y. It's a tricky number to get right, but something in the 30 sec to 1 min zone feels about right. Then you might use Holy Shield one GCD instead of SoR or you can choose to save it until the next big boss attack. Source 

Pushback Resistance
Holy paladins get pushback resistance too. Source 

Paladin Rotations
If we do one thing for class design in Cataclysm, it will be changing the paladin all 3 specs rotation up a bit! Source 

Holy Shock
Holy Shock is Holy only again. We wanted an ability that did healing and damage for Holy, and Holy Shock fit that bill.

We have plenty of other ideas to get more interest into the Prot and Ret rotations. Source 

Retribution
In the Ret case, we started with a basic question: what is it they should be managing? There are a lot of things they *could* be managing. Today it's cooldowns. It could be mana or procs or a lot of things. There was one Ret talent in particular we really liked, and we started building a rotation around it. Then we decided the mechanic was good enough to flesh out for Holy and Prot too.

We're not ready to share the design just yet, and like all changes of this sort, it will be controversial. Some players crave a more interactive rotation. Some like their paladins the way they are. Some are only attracted to the class because it can be overpowered and they like to feel like a superhero. : Source 

 Priest Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Build 12479 Skills/Talents 
Lightwell
In the current beta build or possibly the next one, clicking Lightwell no longer switches your target to it. That was one of the changes we've been waiting for to reevaluate the talent. Enemies can still target it normally. Source 

Desperate Prayer
Desperate Prayer is a pretty different ability. They really only have the name in common. In Cataclysm, Desperate Prayer has a 45 sec cooldown down from 2 min. The lower cooldown will let you use it often as leveling.

Holy also has a talent that when you use Desperate Prayer to heal yourself, it also heals the most injured ally a portion of the healing done to you, turning it into an instant, smart Binding Heal. Source 

Shadow Priest - Hit from Spirit
No, we said that hybrids who share gear will be able to convert Spirit to hit. We originally were only going to do it for druids and shaman, but priests argued that it should apply to them too even though they do have they do have access to actual hit gear. Source 

 Rogue Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Build 12479 Skills/Talents 
 Shaman Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Build 12479 Skills/Talents 
 Warlock Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Build 12479 Skills/Talents 
 Warrior Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Build 12479 Skills/Talents 
Damage loss / 2H Weapon Specialization
[...] You didn't lose any damage. Talents that grant nothing but armor pen or Strength are not the kind of talents we want to offer any more, at least below the first couple of tiers. You won't be doing any less damage when you log in for Cataclysm than you do today.

Imagine the Two-Handed Weapon Specialization from Arms is +28% to damage with two-handed weapons or whatever it needs to be to make up for losing talents. Source 

Stats loss
Most trees are losing free stats such as Strength, hit and expertise. If you want it, you'll have to gear it. The dual-wield trees will keep some free hit. Source 

Tactical Mastery
Tactical Mastery is now baked into Stance Mastery so you retain 25 rage when swapping.Source 

Piercing Howl
Well, we'd like for Fury to be usable in PvP and there is a certain attraction to Arms having Juggernaut and Bladestorm, but Fury having Piercing Howl. As it is now, it's easy to make a hybrid build that scoops up the best of both talent trees. Rather than having Fury play differently than Arms, you just have Arms with the best of Fury.

That aside, we're not sure yet how we're going to handle Piercing Howl. One option is to put it in the second tier, the same way we did with Lichborne for DKs. My fear is that opening that door wider leads to a future full of "what is wrong with my class" manifestos from other classes that start off with bullet number one as"Lack of a 6 point talent." Other options include making it a class-wide ability. Source 

Furious Attacks and Piercing Howl are both PVP exclusive abilities. Furious attacks I'll wait to see if the proc rate got buffed significantly, which may help fury pvp, but as of now it looks unchanged. Piercing Howl is useless to a raider baring a few specific fights. 
Furious Attacks I grant you has very limited use in PvE. I disagree about Piercing Howl though. Once upon a time, groups had to control mobs instead of just AE'ing them all down. Someone who wants a build solely focused on killing single-target raid bosses which to be fair, we don't have many of these days might skip over Piercing Howl, but we are trying to structure the trees such that you don't have an option to get dps elsewhere even if you do. Source 

Shield Block
We are going to turn both Holy Shield and Shield Block into short cooldowns. A short cooldown is an ability that you don't save for an absolute emergency like Shield Wall but we also don't want it to be on such a short cooldown that it feels maintenance-y. It's a tricky number to get right, but something in the 30 sec to 1 min zone feels about right. Then you might use Holy Shield one GCD instead of SoR or you can choose to save it until the next big boss attack. Source 

AE Rotation
I agree. We tried making warrior AE "rotations" just one button, but we didn't like it. We'll change the other classes instead. Source 

Heroic Leap - NYI
Heroic Leap isn't implemented yet. The level cap isn't at 85. Source 

Heroic Strike
Heroic Strike is off of the GCD but with a short cooldown so it isn't in danger of competing with Execute which hits considerably harder now. Source 

Disarming Glare
Disarming Glare isn't likely to make it. Source 

Impending Victory
As promised, we have cut Impending Victory and given Fury a new attack that they can used only when Enraged but does not consume the Enrage. Source 

Enrage
Enrage procs on all damage including raid AE damage. We also want Fury to be a viable PvP spec in any case. Source 

Unbridled Wrath/Rage in LK
You're operating under the "rage doesn't matter" mindset of Lich King. In Cataclysm, the ability to get rage from talents is going to be pretty attractive.

The issue isn't that it gives rage, but that it gives so little of it. 
That's a tuning issue, not a fundamental flaw with the design of the talent. If you find yourself low on rage, you can get this talent in the same way a mage might get a talent to make nukes cheaper. If you find you don't need the rage -- perhaps you have Booming Voice or get it from Charge or something -- then you can take another talent instead. Source 