Boubouille2010-07-29, 09:38 AMLich King 25-Man No-Buff Heroic Kill by Paragon
Paragon  is really done with Icecrown Citadel this time, they killed the Lich King in 25-Man Heroic mode without the ICC Zone Buff. Congratulations to them. 


 


Screenshots of the Day Update
Blizzard keeps updating its screenshots of the day gallery and some of the recent screenshots are fairly interesting. The last 4 uploads feature the final bosses of the Halls of Origination 


   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   

Also, I'm not sure where to post the following screenshot so I'll just add it here. If you needed just one reason to buy Cataclysm: Basic Campfires look awesome now.


 


Blue Posts
Dear Starcraft 2, please give us our Blue Posters back. We love them. A lot. Regards, Boubouille.

 Rogue Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator ,,12213 / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Eviscerate
We are changing Improved Eviscerate to also affect Envenom, to give Assassination another attractive first tier talent for the endgame player. Source 

Recuperate
Endgame rogues will not be balanced around 100% uptime for Recuperate. We do think rogues will use it however. If mana matters a little more, then keeping yourself alive a little more will matter. We're not fans of the sadly widespread belief that keeping the group alive is solely the responsibility of the healers and that dps should do everything in their power solely to maximize their dps, even if that makes things harder on the healers. : Source 


Europe - Blizzard is Hiring!
Have you ever dreamed of working with the games you love? Now’s your chance! Blizzard Entertainment is recruiting knowledgeable, talented people to join our growing team of Customer Service Representatives. The right candidates will receive a competitive salary, a range of benefits, career growth opportunities and assistance relocating if required. Check out our Customer Service Representative vacancies and see if you’ve got what it takes to join Blizzard Entertainment. We offer help to players in various languages and we currently have vacancies for French, German, Spanish, Russian, Italian, and Polish speakers. 


L80ETC is now L800ETC
According to a news post on SC2Mapster.com , Starcraft 2 game files revealed that L80ETC  is now known as L800ETC! 


 