Boubouille2010-08-14, 01:01 AMUpdate 08:15PM PST - Masteries and Armor Specializations are available for testing  Cataclysm Masteries List , Armor Specialization List 
Update 08:05PM PST - The Mounts & Companion Pets are now in the spellbook  with a brand new interface. 
Update 08:05PM PST - The UI for Paladin's Holy Power  is here.
Update 07:40PM PST - Added Guild vendor rewards 
Update 07:25PM PST - Added Tol Barad Reputation Rewards 
Update 07:10PM PST - Relics slots have stats now  and are just named Relic now it seems. Totems, Sigils, Librams, etc
Update 07:00PM PST - Tol Barad, the new PvP/Daily Quest zone is open for testing, and people keep trying to hurt me. More on that later. 


Cataclysm Beta - Build 12759
A new build is being deployed on beta realms, just like any beta build, it will be painful, a lot of stuff will break, and I have no idea if I'll be able to give you all the content on the first day.

On the upside, Thrall is getting a new model. Stay tuned for changes!


 


Guild Vendor Rewards
The Guild Vendor is here, a lot of items are placeholders but it should give you a pretty good idea of what it will offer.


 

And if you're wondering. 


 


Loading Screens
Loading screens for each continent have been updated. 


   
   


Spellbook - Mounts and Companion Pets
The Mounts & Companion Pets are now in the spellbook with a brand new interface. 


 


Tol Barad
Tol Barad is open for testing, this is a new outdoor/PvP zone with a daily quest area for the faction controlling it. More on that later.


 

       


Relic Slots Items
All classes items in the relic slot now have stats.


 


Masteries and Armor Specialization
Masteries and Armor Specializations are now available for testing.
Cataclysm Masteries List 
Armor Specialization List 



 


 Holy Power
The interface for the new Holy Power resource is here. 


 


Video Settings
The Video Settings menu has been expanded, looks like we'll be able to tweak more things in Cataclysm.


 


Creature Damage Output Changes
Creature damage output has been increased from roughly level 65 and up. These increases scale upward with level. Creatures in exterior zones at level 80 now have 2.5 times the damage output they did previously in beta, 3.2 times at level 81, and 4 times at level 82 and up.

We’d like to get your feedback about how combat feels with creatures in level 80-85 exterior zones, including spawn rates and numbers of creatures in specific locations in each zone. Please let us know if this feels adequately challenging, or if there is a little too much face rocking going on. 


New Guild Advancement Forum
We've created a Guild Advancement forum to help collect discussions on this new feature coming in Cataclysm. If you have any feedback, want to discuss the guild advancement feature, or have found any issues, please do so within the new forum. Please continue to use the Bug Report forum for actual bug reports.

Head over to the Guild Advancement forum now! - 