Boubouille2010-09-01, 04:53 AMMini blue posts update while we wait for the beta realms to go online. 

Level Cap is now 85
Twilight Highlands and Uldum are now open and ready for testing. You will need to do both zones to reach max level. It should also be noted that neither zone is 100% complete. Please refer to the quest forum for feedback:

 


Zul'gurub gone as a raid in Cataclysm
Zul'Gurub is gone as a raid instance come Cataclysm.



Streaming Launcher Improvements
We recently released a new Cataclysm beta launcher that allows you to stream game data while you play. We've received a lot of feedback from you regarding this new feature, and that feedback has allowed us to improve the player experience significantly.

In the next beta patch, you'll receive a new Cataclysm beta launcher that includes several updates to in-game streaming. Here's a quick preview of some of the upcoming changes:



Improved three-stage progress bar
Download speed improvements
Detailed peer-to-peer connection information
Bandwidth detection, which will improve the play experience of those with low bandwidth
New UI with a Cataclysm-inspired theme
Many bug fixes


We encourage you to continue posting your feedback about the streaming launcher, as we're constantly looking for ways to get you into the game faster and more smoothly.

Thank you! 


 


Blue Posts

Dungeons testing
All dungeons should be available for testing. Source 

[Feedback] Twilight Highlands
Twilight Highlands is ready for testing. It is not yet fully implemented, so you will run into stopping points. Please keep all feedback in this thread.

• Level 84-85 though for this push of the beta minimum level for quests has been set to 83. Enjoy getting pounded!
• Breadcrumbs from Stormwind and Orgrimmar speak to Varian/Garrosh to begin Source 

[Feedback] Uldum
Uldum is ready for testing. It is not yet fully implemented, so you will run into stopping points. Please keep all feedback in this thread.

• Level 83-84
• Breadcrumbs from Deepholm Reliquary and Explorers' League NPCs in Temple of Earth.
• Quests start in southwestern Tanaris at the caravan. Source 

 Hunter Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator ,,12213 / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Attacks Scaling
Most of these attack still scale from weapon damage. We just changed them from say 200% weapon damage to 100% weapon damage with a higher attack power component. We want weapon damage to matter, but not quite as much as it does on live.

As an example, Chimera Shot now says: "An instant shot that causes weapon damage plus N, refreshing your Serpent Sting and triggering an effect depending on the venom on the target...". Source 

 Paladin Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator ,,12213 / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Seal of Insight
Seal of Insight will improve your mana regen and self healing. It will give you a little of each if you only Judge and give you more but not a broken amount if you're ever in a position where you can melee the target. There is also a glyph to improve your healing while Insight is active. I'll concede that running a Seal is probably more important for a Ret or perhaps even Prot paladin than a Holy paladin, but there's still no reason not to do so. Source 

Seal of Justice / Righteousness
Seal of Righteousness and Seal of Justice didn't merge. Seal of Righteousness is unchanged. We just added a little damage to Seal of Justice so that paladins didn't have to give up all Seal damage and talents etc. that affect them in order to get the Justice effect. Source 

Selfless Healer change
We buffed it to 50/100% more healing when used on others up from 30/60%. These numbers are unlikely to be final. Source 

 Shaman Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator ,,12213 / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Thunderstorm removed from Elemental Reach
It buffed Thunderstorm from 10 to 12 yards, which is pretty hard to even notice. Source 

 Warlock Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator ,,12213 / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
New Life Tap
Life Tap scaling with spellpower was proving hard to balance. We buffed Drain Life as well, so you should be able to Life Tap once and then Drain Life your way back up. Source 