Boubouille2010-08-31, 08:28 AMUpdate
01:20PM CET - Added  Death Knight,  Druid,  Mage,  Shaman and  Warlock changes!
12:45PM CET - Added  Priest and  Rogue
12:10PM CET - Added Mounts, Companion Pets,  Hunter,  Paladin,  Warrior changes.
11:10AM CET - Added Professions.
10:30AM CET - Added player and guild achievements.

Cataclysm Beta - Build 12857 Codename Ninja
A new beta build has been deploye... Actually, no, a new build appeared out of nowhere and was never deployed on beta servers. I have absolutely no idea why, but, hey, it's still a beta build! 

Disclaimer - This build is NOT ON BETA SERVERS, I have no way to confirm strange values by checking in-game and a lot of temporary stuff might be there. I strongly suggest that you don't even try to complain about changes in this build on official forums, and if you plan to do it, you'd better do it in a very nice and constructive way if you don't want to get your ass kicked. 
Disclaimer #2 - Most of the tooltips don't work for the moment. Working on it.

Player Achievements
General

Breaking The Sound Barrier  - Learn the master riding skill.


Feats of Strength

Realm First! Level 85  - First person on the realm to achieve level 85.
Realm First! Level 85 Shaman  - First shaman on the realm to achieve level 85.
Realm First! Level 85 Druid  - First druid on the realm to achieve level 85.
Realm First! Level 85 Paladin  - First paladin on the realm to achieve level 85.
Realm First! Level 85 Priest  - First priest on the realm to achieve level 85.
Realm First! Level 85 Warlock  - First warlock on the realm to achieve level 85.
Realm First! Level 85 Hunter  - First hunter on the realm to achieve level 85.
Realm First! Level 85 Death Knight  - First death knight on the realm to achieve level 85.
Realm First! Level 85 Mage  - First mage on the realm to achieve level 85.
Realm First! Level 85 Warrior  - First warrior on the realm to achieve level 85.
Realm First! Level 85 Rogue  - First rogue on the realm to achieve level 85.


Raids & Dungeons

Heroic: Blackrock Caverns  - Defeat Ascendant Lord Obsidius on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Throne of the Tides  - Defeat Ozumat in Throne of the Tides on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: The Stonecore  - Defeat High Priestess Azil in the Stonecore on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: The Vortex Pinnacle  - Defeat Grand Vizier Ertan in the Vortex Pinnacle on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Grim Batol  - Defeat Erudax in Grim Batol on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Halls of Origination  - Defeat Rajh in Halls of Origination on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Lost City of the Tol'vir  - Defeat Siamat, Lord of the South Wind in the Lost City of the Tol'vir in Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Deadmines  - Defeat "Captain" Cookie in Deadmines on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Shadowfang Keep  - Defeat Lord Godfrey in Shadowfang Keep on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Magmaw  - Defeat Magmaw in Blackwing Descent on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Golem Council  - Defeat The Golem Council in Blackwing Descent on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Maloriak  - Defeat Maloriak in Blackwing Descent on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Atramedes  - Defeat Atramedes in Blackwing Descent on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Chimaron  - Defeat Chimaron in Blackwing Descent on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Nefarian  - Defeat Nefarian in Blackwing Descent on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Valiona and Theralion  - Defeat Valiona and Theralion in the Bastion of Twilight on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Halfus Wyrmbreaker  - Defeat Halfus Wyrmbreaker in the Bastion of Twilight on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Twilight Council  - Defeat the Twilight Council in the Bastion of Twilight on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Cho'gall  - Defeat Cho'gall in the Bastion of Twilight on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Sinestra  - Defeat Sinestra in the Bastion of Twilight on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Conclave of Wind  - Defeat the Conclave of Wind in the Throne of the Four Winds on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Al'Akir  - Defeat Al'Akir in the Throne of the Four Winds on Heroic difficulty.


Professions

Kings Under the Mountain  - Discover the following artifacts of the dark iron dwarf kings:
Tragedy in Three Acts  - Recover the following night elf artifacts that tell the fateful story of Pyramond and Theleste.
Blue Streak  - Discover who slew the dread wyrm Kaldrigos.
The Harder they Fall  - Discover how Warchief Hargal was killed.




Guild Achievements
There are so many added in this build that I had to split them in a different category. Enjoy!

General

Profit Sharing  - Loot 50,000 gold from creatures.
Time To Open A Savings Account  - Loot 200,000 gold from creatures.
Extended Storage  - Purchase the 7th guild bank tab.
Critter Kill Squad  - Kill 10,000 critters
A Class Act  - Reach level 85 on each of the classes listed below.
Stay Classy  Horde - Complete the classy achievmenets listed below.
Classy Orcs  - Reach level 85 of each of the Orc classes listed below.
Classy Tauren  - Reach level 85 of each of the Tauren classes listed below.
Classy Trolls  - Reach level 85 of each of the Troll classes listed below.
Classy Blood Elves  - Reach level 85 of each of the Blood Elf classes listed below.
Classy Undead  - Reach level 85 of each of the Undead classes listed below.
Classy Goblins  - Reach level 85 of each of the Goblin classes listed below.
Stay Classy  Alliance - Complete the classy achievmenets listed below.
Classy Humans  - Reach level 85 of each of the Human classes listed below.
Classy Night Elves  - Reach level 85 of each of the Night Elf classes listed below.
Classy Gnomes  - Reach level 85 of each of the Gnome classes listed below.
Classy Dwarves  - Reach level 85 of each of the Dwarven classes listed below.
Classy Draenei  - Reach level 85 of each of the Draenei classes listed below.
Classy Worgen  - Reach level 85 of each of the Worgen classes listed below.


Raids & Dungeons

We Are Awesome  - Obtain three of the legendary weapons listed below.
We Are Hardcore  - Obtain all of the legendary weapons listed below.
Sulfuras, Hand of Ragnaros - Guild Edition  - Wielder of Sulfuras, Hand of Ragnaros.
Thunderfury, Blessed Blade of the Windseeker - Guild Edition  - Wielder of Thunderfury, Blessed Blade of the Windseeker
Warglaives of Azzinoth - Guild Edition WIP  - Wielder of a set of Warglaives of Azzinoth.
Thori'dal, the Stars' Fury - Guild Edition  - Wielder of Thori'dal, the Stars' Fury
Val'anyr, Hammer of Ancient Kings - Guild Edition  - Wielder of Val'anyr, Hammer of Ancient Kings
Shadowmourne - Guild Edition  - Wielder of Shadowmourne


WoW Classic Raids

Guild Classic Raider  - Complete the classic raid achievements listed below while in a guild group.
Molten Core Guild Run  - Defeat Ragnaros.
Blackwing Lair Guild Run  - Defeat Nefarian.
Temple of Ahn'Qiraj Guild Run  - Defeat C'Thun.
Ruins of Ahn'Qiraj Guild Run  - Defeat Ossirian the Unscarred.


The Burning Crusade Raids

Guild Outland Raider  - Complete the Burning Crusade raid achievements listed below while in a guild group.
Karazhan Guild Run  - Defeat Prince Malchezaar in Karazhan.
Zul'Aman Guild Run  - Defeat Zul'jin in Zul'Aman.
Gruul's Lair Guild Run  - Defeat Gruul the Dragonkiller in Gruul's Lair.
Magtheridon's Lair Guild Run  - Defeat Magtheridon in Magtheridon's Lair.
Serpentshrine Cavern Guild Run  - Defeat Lady Vashj in Serpentshrine Cavern.
Tempest Keep Guild Run  - Defeat Kael'thas Sunstrider in Tempest Keep.
The Battle for Mount Hyjal Guild Run  - Defeat Archimonde in The Battle for Mount Hyjal.
The Black Temple Guild Run  - Defeat Illidan Stormrage in The Black Temple.
Sunwell Plateau Guild Run  - Defeat Kil'jaeden in Sunwell Plateau.


Wrath of the Lich King Raids

Glory of the Lich King Raider  - Complete the Northrend raid achievements listed below while in a guild group.
The Twilight Zone - Guild Edition  - With all three Twilight Drakes still alive, engage and defeat Sartharion the Onyx Guardian while in a guild group..
Alone in the Darkness - Guild Edition  - Defeat Yogg-Saron without the assistance of any Keepers while in a guild group.
Just Can't Get Enough - Guild Edition  - Defeat Kel'Thuzad in Naxxramas while killing at least 18 abominations in his chamber while in a group group.
You Don't Have an Eternity - Guild Edition  - Defeat Malygos in 6 minutes or less while in a guild group.
He Feeds On Your Tears - Guild Edition  - Defeat Algalon the Observer while in a guild group without any raid member dying to Algalon at any point during that raid lockout period.
Call of the Crusade - Guild Edition  - Defeat every boss in the Trial of the Crusader while in a guild group.
The Twilight Destroyer - Guild Edition  - Defeat Halion in The Ruby Sanctum while in a guild group.
The Frozen Throne - Guild Edition  - Defeat the Lich King in Icecrown Citadel while in a guild group.


Cataclysm Raids

Guild Glory of the Cataclysm Raider  - Complete the Cataclysm raid achievements listed below while in a guild group.
Blackwing Descent Guild Run  - Defeat the bosses in Blackwing Descent while in a guild group.
Throne of the Four Winds Guild Run  - Defeat the bosses in Throne of the Four Winds while in a guild group.
The Bastion of Twilight Guild Run  - Defeat the bosses in the Bastion of Twilight while in a guild group.


WoW Classic Dungeons

Ragefire Chasm Guild Run  - Defeat Taragaman the Hungerer.
Deadmines Guild Run  - Defeat "Captain" Cookie.
Wailing Caverns Guild Run  - Defeat Mutanus the Devourer.
Shadowfang Keep Guild Run  - Defeat Lord Godfrey.
Blackfathom Deeps Guild Run  - Defeat Aku'mai.
Stormwind Stockade Guild Run  - Defeat Hogger.
Razorfen Kraul Guild Run  - Defeat Charlga Razorflank.
Gnomeregan Guild Run  - Defeat Mekgineer Thermaplugg.
Razorfen Downs Guild Run  - Defeat Amnennar the Coldbringer.
Scarlet Monastery Guild Run  - Defeat the Scarlet Crusade within the Scarlet Monastery.
Uldaman Guild Run  - Defeat Archaedas.
Zul'Farrak Guild Run  - Defeat Chief Ukorz Sandscalp.
Maraudon Guild Run  - Defeat Princess Theradras.
Sunken Temple Guild Run  - Defeat Shade of Eranikus.
Blackrock Depths Guild Run  - Defeat Emperor Dagran Thaurissan.
Lower Blackrock Spire Guild Run  - Defeat Overlord Wyrmthalak.
King of Dire Maul Guild Run  - Defeat each wing of Dire Maul.
Scholomance Guild Run  - Defeat the leaders of Scholomance.
Stratholme Guild Run  - Defeat the evil masterminds inhabiting Stratholme.


The Burning Crusade Dungeons

Guild Outland Dungeon Hero  - Complete the heroic Burning Crusade dungeon achievements listed below while in a guild group.
Heroic: Hellfire Ramparts Guild Run  - Defeat the leaders of Hellfire Ramparts on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: The Blood Furnace Guild Run  - Defeat Keli'dan the Breaker on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: The Slave Pens Guild Run  - Defeat Quagmirran on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Underbog Guild Run  - Defeat The Black Stalker on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Mana-Tombs Guild Run  - Defeat Nexus-Prince Shaffar on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Auchenai Crypts Guild Run  - Defeat Exarch Maladaar on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: The Escape From Durnholde Guild Run  - Defeat Epoch Hunter on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Sethekk Halls Guild Run  - Defeat Talon King Ikiss on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Shadow Labyrinth Guild Run  - Defeat Murmur on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Opening of the Dark Portal Guild Run  - Defeat Aeonus on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: The Steamvault Guild Run  - Defeat Warlord Kalithresh on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: The Shattered Halls Guild Run  - Defeat Warchief Kargath Bladefist on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: The Mechanar Guild Run  - Defeat Pathaleon the Calculator on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: The Botanica Guild Run  - Defeat Warp Splinter on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: The Arcatraz Guild Run  - Defeat Harbinger Skyriss on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Magister's Terrace Guild Run  - Defeat Kael'thas Sunstrider on Heroic Difficulty.


Wrath of the Lich King Dungeons

Guild Northrend Dungeon Hero  - Complete the heroic Northrend dungeon achievements listed below while in a guild group.
Heroic: Utgarde Keep Guild Run  - Defeat the Utgarde Keep bosses on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: The Nexus Guild Run  - Defeat The Nexus bosses on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Azjol-Nerub Guild Run  - Defeat the Azjol-Nerub bosses on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Ahn'kahet: The Old Kingdom Guild Run  - Defeat the Ahn'kahet: The Old Kingdom bosses on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Drak'Tharon Keep Guild Run  - Defeat the Drak'Tharon Keep bosses on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: The Violet Hold Guild Run  - Defeat Cyanigosa in The Violet Hold on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Gundrak Guild Run  - Defeat the Gundrak bosses on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Halls of Stone Guild Run  - Defeat the boss encounters in the Halls of Stone on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Halls of Lightning Guild Run  - Defeat the Halls of Lightning bosses on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: The Oculus Guild Run  - Defeat The Oculus bosses on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Utgarde Pinnacle Guild Run  - Defeat the Utgarde Pinnacle bosses on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: The Culling of Stratholme Guild Run  - Defeat the Caverns of Time: Stratholme bosses on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Trial of the Champion Guild Run  - Defeat the bosses in the Trial of the Champion on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: The Forge of Souls Guild Run  - Defeat the bosses in The Forge of Souls on Heroic difficulty
Heroic: The Pit of Saron Guild Run  - Defeat the bosses in The Pit of Saron on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: The Halls of Reflection Guild Run  - Defeat the bosses in The Halls of Reflection on Heroic difficulty.


Cataclysm Dungeons

Guild Cataclysm Dungeon Hero  - Complete the heroic Cataclysm dungeon achievements listed below while in a guild group.
Heroic: Blackrock Caverns Guild Run  - Defeat Ascendant Lord Obsidius on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Throne of the Tides Guild Run  - Defeat Ozumat in Throne of the Tides on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: The Stonecore Guild Run  - Defeat High Priestess Azil in the Stonecore on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: The Vortex Pinnacle Guild Run  - Defeat Grand Vizier Ertan in the Vortex Pinnacle on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Grim Batol Guild Run  - Defeat Erudax in Grim Batol on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Halls of Origination Guild Run  - Defeat Rajh in Halls of Origination on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Lost City of the Tol'vir Guild Run  - Defeat Siamat, Lord of the South Wind in the Lost City of the Tol'vir in Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Shadowfang Keep Guild Run  - Defeat Lord Godfrey in Shadowfang Keep on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Deadmines Guild Run  - Defeat "Captain" Cookie in Deadmines on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Shadowfang Keep Guild Run  - Defeat Lord Godfrey in Shadowfang Keep on Heroic difficulty.


Reputation

Diplomacy  - Raise 15 reputations to Exalted.
Ambassadors  - Raise 25 reputations to Exalted.
United Nations  - Raise 55 reputations to Exalted.
Dungeon Diplomat  - Earn exalted with the dungeon reputations listed below.
Raid Representation  - Earn exalted with the raid reputations listed below.
Classic Battles  - Earn exalted reputation with the classic battlegrounds listed below.


Player vs. Player

Are You Not Entertained?!  - Earn a 2200 rating in the arena with a team composed entirely of guild members.
Now That's an Achievement  - Earn 5000 guild achievement points.
Kill Squad  - Get 500,000 honorable kills.
Guild Gankers  - Get 1,000,000 honorable kills.
Creepjackers  - Get 2,500,000 honorable kills.
City Attacker  - Kill 500 enemy players in any Horde home city.
City Attacker  - Kill 500 enemy players in any Alliance home city.
Active Duty  - Win 500 Battlegrounds while in a guild group.
Call of Duty  - Win 1000 Battlegrounds while in a guild group.
Tour of Duty  - Win 1500 Battlegrounds while in a guild group.
5-Cap Crew  - Win 10 Arathi Basin matches while controlling all 5 flags in a guild group.
Horde Slayer  - Complete the slayer achievements listed below.
Alliance Slayer  - Complete the slayer achievements listed below.
Orc Slayer  - Get an honorable kill on each of the level 85 Orc races listed below.
Human Slayer  - Get an honorable kill on each of the level 85 Human races listed below.
Night Elf Slayer  - Get an honorable kill on each of the level 85 Night Elf races listed below.
Dwarf Slayer  - Get an honorable kill on each of the level 85 Dwarf races listed below.
Draenei Slayer  - Get an honorable kill on each of the level 85 Draenei races listed below.
Worgen Slayer  - Get an honorable kill on each of the level 85 Worgeni races listed below.
Tauren Slayer  - Get an honorable kill on each of the level 85 Tauren races listed below.
Undead Slayer  - Get an honorable kill on each of the level 85 Undead races listed below.
Troll Slayer  - Get an honorable kill on each of the level 85 Troll races listed below.
Blood Elf Slayer  - Get an honorable kill on each of the level 85 Blood Elf races listed below.
Goblin Slayer  - Get an honorable kill on each of the level 85 Goblin races listed below.


Professions

Skinnin' For A Livin' WIP  - Skin 10,000 corpses.
Mix Master  - Craft 10,000 flasks.
Dust, Dust and more Dust!  - Disenchant 10,000 items.
Dinner Party  - Place 5,000 Feasts.
Bushels and Bushels  - Gather 50,000 herbs.
Mighty Miners  - Mine 50,000 ore and rocks.
Gemcrafter Extrodinare  - Cut 10,000 gems.
Master Crafter  - Craft 1,000 Epic items.
Fishing Pool Pro WIP  - Catch 10,000 fish from Northrend fishing pools.



Professions

Archaeology

Bone Gaming Dice  - Dwarves love gold and dwarves love drinking, so gaming seemed like a natural fit for both. These dice appear to have been carved from sheep bones. What might be dried blood is still visible on the 5 pip.Creates Item #63112 
Ceramic Funeral Urn  - Some dwarves sealed their deceased in tombs. Those with a concern for the undead might be more apt to cremate remains. This urn is chipped and cracked, its ashes long since lost. The word 'Thunderbolt' is visible in Dwarven printed on the underside.Creates Item #63409 
Pewter Drinking Cup  - \"If there\'s one thing dwarves love, it\'s drinking. And fighting. Two things.\"This cup may have belonged to a minor noble or wealthy merchant. It\'s heavy enough to bash in someone\'s brains, and residue suggest it may have been used for just that.Creates Item #63408 
Silver Neck Torc  - Dwarves are famous metalsmiths. While they produce many implements of war, they are adept at working with softer metals as well. This piece of jewelry was sized for a lady with a very thick neck.Creates Item #63411  / 
Stone Gryphon  - Gryphons have long been allies of the Wildhammer dwarves, who brought their noble steeds to the rest of the Alliance. This small figurine was expertly carved from alabaster. The talons are sharp enough to pierce leather.Creates Item #63410  / 
Worn Hunting Knife  - This weapon has a notched blade and a handle fashioned of elk or ram horn. The initials 'W. G.' are carved near the pommel.Creates Item #63110  / 
Cloak Clasp with Antlers  - This clasp is fashioned of lacquered wood carved to resemble stag antlers. On the reverse is engraved the name 'Pyramond' in Darnassian.Creates Item #63407  / 
Feathered Gold Earring  - The feathers are probably from scarlet and green macaws, though they have been well preserved. The gold is twisted to appear like thorns or veins. The pin used to pierce the ear looks particularly painful.Creates Item #63413  / 
Fossilized Hatchling  - When you finished assembling this tiny skeleton through some eldritch magic, the little critter sprang back to life. He's a pretty good pet. Since he's a skeleton he doesn't eat much.Creates Item #60955  / 
Jade Asp with Ruby Eyes  - This tiny figurine could possibly be a representation of High Priest Venoxis, though snakes of all types are venerated throughout troll culture. The delicate jaws on this figurine can be closed, presumably to draw blood from a finger.Creates Item #63412  / 
Moltenfist's Jeweled Goblet  - Even among dark iron dwarf kings, Moltenfist's avarice was legendary. This goblet, while once of high craftsmanship, has seen better days. It has been partially melted by exposure to lava or dragon fire.Creates Item #63414  / 
Belt Buckle with Anvilmar Crest  - Modimus Anvilmar was the high king of the dwarves before the War of the Three Hammers and is depicted by the great statue at the gates of Ironforge. This brass buckle might have belonged to a member of his house guard or a servant.Creates Item #63113  / 
Black Trilobite  - Trilobites are exctinct crustaceans that apparently were once quite diverse and numerous across Azeroth. Myths persist of living trilobites of supposedly epic proportions.Creates Item #63109  / 
Fetish of Hir'eek  - Hir'eek is one of the animal spirits worshipped by southern trolls. Hir'eek's totemic animal is the bat. Jeklik, a high priestss of Zul'Gurub was one of Hir'eek's most famous followers.Creates Item #63120  / 
Highborne Pyxis  - This is a small box of delicate ceramic, probably used to store cosmetics, jewelry or other small items belonging to a Highborne lady. The clasp is of silver and fashioned to look like two acorns and a holly leaf.Creates Item #63129  / 
Inlaid Ivory Comb  - While the most valuable jewels have gone missing, this cosmetic item must have been worth a small fortune back in its day. A series of tiny nautilus shells decorate one side, while the inscription 'Lament for lost Zanara' is visible on the other.Creates Item #63130  / 
Lizard Foot Charm  - This is a small, mummified foot of a jungle lizard. Any magic it once contained has long since been drained.Creates Item #63118  / 
Preserved Fern  - Ferns are primitive plants that have stems, leaves and roots but no seeds or flowers. They reproduce via spores, much like mushrooms. In ancient times, ferns occupied the niche that flowering plants do today.Creates Item #63121  / 
Scrap of a Silk Dressing Gown  - This mesh is finely woven, possibly of spider silk. The scrap is a silvery white that subtly shifts color in the light. It's a wonder that it has endured years of being buried in the earth.Creates Item #63131  / 
Voodoo Doll  - Little is known about the emergence of voodoo among the trolls. The troll belief system is complex, full of dark spirits and primal often animalistic gods, known as loa.Creates Item #63115  / 
Wooden Whistle  - A small whistle carved from oak. It might have been used to summon a pet or mount or possibly used as a child's toy. It appears to have been chewed on by an animal or young dwarf.Creates Item #63111  / 


Inscription

Forged Documents  - Creates Item #62056  / Reagents: Resilient Parchment , Blackfallow Ink  x 3
Battle Tome  - Creates Item #62236  / Reagents: Resilient Parchment  x 10, Inferno Ink  x 6, Volatile Life  x 10
Cataclysm Reclamation: Blacksmithing  - Allows you to rewrite blacksmithing plans from once-lost recipe fragments.Creates Item #62312  / 1 sec cooldown, Reagents: Resilient Parchment , Blackfallow Ink  x 3, Burned Recipe Fragments  x 5
Cataclysm Reclamation: Enchanting  - Allows you to rewrite blacksmithing plans from once-lost recipe fragments.Creates Item #62314  / 1 sec cooldown, Reagents: Resilient Parchment , Blackfallow Ink  x 3, Burned Recipe Fragments  x 5
Cataclysm Reclamation: Jewelcrafting  - Allows you to rewrite jewelcrafting plans from once-lost recipe fragments.Creates Item #62336  / 1 sec cooldown, Reagents: Resilient Parchment , Blackfallow Ink  x 3, Burned Recipe Fragments  x 5
Cataclysm Reclamation: Leatherworking  - Allows you to rewrite leatherworking plans from once-lost recipe fragments.Creates Item #62337  / 1 sec cooldown, Reagents: Resilient Parchment , Blackfallow Ink  x 3, Burned Recipe Fragments  x 5
Cataclysm Reclamation: Tailoring  - Allows you to rewrite tailoring plans from once-lost recipe fragments.Creates Item #62338  / 1 sec cooldown, Reagents: Resilient Parchment , Blackfallow Ink  x 3, Burned Recipe Fragments  x 5
Darkmoon Card of Destruction  - Creates Item #61987  / Reagents: Inferno Ink  x 8, Resilient Parchment , Volatile Life  x 50
Divine Companion  - Creates Item #62235  / Reagents: Resilient Parchment  x 10, Inferno Ink  x 6, Volatile Life  x 10
Dungeoneering Guide  - Creates Item #62234  / Reagents: Resilient Parchment  x 10, Inferno Ink  x 6, Volatile Life  x 10
Notched Jawbone  - Creates Item #62243  / Reagents: Resilient Parchment  x 10, Inferno Ink  x 6, Volatile Life  x 10
Silver Inlaid Leaf  - Creates Item #62245  / Reagents: Resilient Parchment  x 10, Inferno Ink  x 6, Volatile Life  x 10
Tattooed Eyeball  - Creates Item #62244  / Reagents: Resilient Parchment  x 10, Inferno Ink  x 6, Volatile Life  x 10
Runed Dragonscale  - Creates Item #62242  / Reagents: Resilient Parchment  x 10, Inferno Ink  x 6, Volatile Life  x 10
Origami Beetle  - Creates Item #63246  / Reagents: Resilient Parchment  x 10, Inferno Ink  x 6, Volatile Life  x 10
Felfire Inscription  - Permanently adds 130 Intellect and 25 haste rating to shoulder armor.Can only be applied to your own armor, and doing so will cause it to become soulbound. / Reagents: Inferno Ink 
Inscription of the Earth Prince  - Permanently adds 195 Stamina and 25 dodge rating to shoulder armor.Can only be applied to your own armor, and doing so will cause it to become soulbound. / Reagents: Inferno Ink 
Lionsmane Inscription  - Permanently adds 130 Strength and 25 critical strike rating to shoulder armor.Can only be applied to your own armor, and doing so will cause it to become soulbound. / Reagents: Inferno Ink 
Swiftsteel Inscription  - Permanently adds 130 Agility and 25 mastery rating to shoulder armor.Can only be applied to your own armor, and doing so will cause it to become soulbound. / Reagents: Inferno Ink 
Manual of the Planes  - Creates Item #62241  / Reagents: Resilient Parchment  x 10, Inferno Ink  x 6, Volatile Life  x 10
Origami Rock  - Creates Item #62238  / Reagents: Resilient Parchment  x 10, Inferno Ink  x 6, Volatile Life  x 10
Etched Horn  - Creates Item #62240  / Reagents: Resilient Parchment  x 10, Inferno Ink  x 6, Volatile Life  x 10
Book of Blood  - Creates Item #62231  / Reagents: Resilient Parchment  x 10, Inferno Ink  x 6, Volatile Life  x 10
Lord Rottington's Pressed Wisp Book  - Creates Item #62233  / Reagents: Resilient Parchment  x 10, Inferno Ink  x 6, Volatile Life  x 10
Origami Slime  - This particular creation involves a lot of soggy parchment and ink.Creates Item #62239  / Reagents: Resilient Parchment  x 10, Inferno Ink  x 6, Volatile Life  x 10
Adventurer's Journal  - Creates Item #62237  / Reagents: Resilient Parchment  x 3, Blackfallow Ink  x 2
Fortune Card  - Creates Item #60838  / Reagents: Resilient Parchment , Blackfallow Ink 
Scroll of Agility IX  - Creates Item #63303  x 5. / Reagents: Resilient Parchment  x 5, Blackfallow Ink  x 2
Scroll of Strength IX  - Creates Item #63304  x 5. / Reagents: Resilient Parchment  x 5, Blackfallow Ink  x 2
Scroll of Stamina IX  - Creates Item #63306  x 5. / Reagents: Resilient Parchment  x 5, Blackfallow Ink  x 2
Scroll of Spirit IX  - Creates Item #63307  x 5. / Reagents: Resilient Parchment  x 5, Blackfallow Ink  x 2
Scroll of Protection IX  - Creates Item #63308  x 5. / Reagents: Resilient Parchment  x 5, Blackfallow Ink  x 2
Scroll of Intellect IX  - Creates Item #63305  x 5. / Reagents: Resilient Parchment  x 5, Blackfallow Ink  x 2




Spell Diffs

Mounts

Dark Phoenix  - Summons and dismisses a rideable Dark Phoenix. / 1.5 sec cast
Goblin Mini Hotrod  - Rides and parks a Mini Goblin Hotrod. / 1.5 sec cast


Companion Pets

Dark Phoenix Hatchling  - Right Click to summon and dismiss your baby dark phoenix. / Instant
Rustberg Seagull  - Right Click to summon and dismiss a Rustberg Seagull. / Instant
Armadillo  - Right Click to summon and dismiss your Baby Armadillo. / Instant


 Death Knight Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator ,,12213 / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Blood

Blood Boil  now deals [ 8% of AP + 297 ] damage, up from [ 6% of AP + 223 ]. 



 Druid Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator ,,12213 / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Balance

Hurricane  base damage increased by 33%.
Innervate  now regenerate mana equal to 20% of the casting Druid's maximum mana pool, down from 33%.
Starsurge  now has a 40 yards range, up from 30 yards.
Entangling Roots  now has a 2 sec cast time, up from 1.5 sec.
Starfall  now has a 40 yards range, up from 30 yards. Base damage increased by 33%. 
Lunar Shower  now increases damage done by your Moonfire by 15/30/45% Up from 2/4/8%
Force of Nature  now has a 40 yards range, up from 30 yards.
Solar Beam  now has a 40 yards range, up from 30 yards.
Lunar Guidance  no longer increases the radius of your Solar Beam.
Moonglow  now reduces the mana cost of all your damage and healing spells. 
Nature's Majesty  now increases the critical strike chance with all spells.


Feral

Thrash  now has a 6 sec cooldown, up from 5 sec.
Swipe Bear  base damage increased by 33%. 
Swipe Cat  now deals 215% weapon damage, up from 125%.
Furor  now increases your maximum mana by 5/10/15% instead of increasing your intellect by 2/4/6%. 


Restoration

Lifebloom  now heals over 10 sec, up from 7 sec. Costs 7% of base mana, up from 5%.
Omen of Clarity  is now properly flagged as Passive.
Regrowth  HoT effect reduced by 60%, now heals over 6 sec instead of 21 sec. Cast time reduced from 2 sec to 1.5 sec.
Natural Perfection  is now a Tier 5 talent, down from Tier 6.
Swift Rejuvenation  is now a Tier 6 talent, up from Tier 5.
Revitalize  revamped - When you periodically heal with your Rejuvenation or Lifebloom spells, you have a 8/16/24% chance to instantly regenerate 3% of your total mana. This effect cannot occur more than once every 6 sec.
Heart of the Wild  no longer increases maximum mana by 5/10/15%, now increases Intellect by 2/4/6%.


 Hunter Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator ,,12213 / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Beast Mastery

Viper Venom  and Scorpid Venom  seems to be gone. 
Widow Venom  no longer mentions "Only one Venom per Hunter can be active on any one target.", I guess the 2 previous venoms are indeed gone. 
Focus Fire  now has a 15 sec cooldown. Down from 30 sec.
Improved Kill Command  now Increases the critical strike chance of your Kill Command by 5/10% instead of reducing its cooldown. 


Marksmanship

Kill Shot  now deals 150% weapon damage down from 200% and scales with 30% of your Attack Power down from 40%. Base damage reduced by 50%. Cooldown increased from 6 sec to 10 sec. Focus cost removed. 
Multi-Shot  - Fires several missiles, hitting your current target and all enemies within <unknown> yards of that target for x% of weapon damage. / 40 Focus, 5-35 yd range, Instant
Aimed Shot  no longer deals 300% of weapon damage, now deals [ 40% of RAP + 681 ] damage. Cast time increased from 2 sec to 3 sec.
Arcane Shot  base damage reduced by 60%, now scales from 19% of Attack Power, up from 17%.
Chimera Shot  no longer deals 190% weapon damage, now deals [ 24% of RAP + 401 ]. 


Survival

Serpent Spread  - Targets hit by your Multi-Shot are also afflicted by your Serpent Sting equal to 6/9 sec of its total duration.
Point of No Escape  no longer affects Freezing Arrow.



 Mage Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator ,,12213 / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Arcane

Arcane Intellect  now also increases spell power by 6%.
Arcane Explosion  base damage increased by 33%.
Blink  now costs 12% of base mana, down from 21%.


Fire

Flamestrike  base damage increased by 33%.
Hot Streak  now affects the next Pyroblast cast within 15 sec, up from 10 sec. 
Blast Wave  base damage reduced by 25%.


Frost

Blizzard  base damage increased by 33%.
Brain Freeze  additional effect - When Frostfire Bolt is instant, it can benefit from Fingers of Frost.



 Paladin Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator ,,12213 / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Holy

Divine Plea  now let you gain 10% down from 25% of your total mana over 15 sec. Cooldown changed to 2 min, up from 1 min.
Consecration  now scales from 22% of AP and 22% of Spell Power, down from 32%. 
Exorcism  mana cost changed from 20% base mana up from 8% of base mana. Cooldown removed.
Lay on Hands  cooldown reduced from 20 min to 10 min.
Seal of Righteousness  is gone, effect merged in Seal of Justice.
Tower of Radiance  now procs from Holy Shock, Flash of Light, Holy Light or Divine Light.
Blessed Life  now has a chance to proc whenever you take direct damage. Old - "All attacks against you"
Illumination  is gone.
Denounce  revamped - Reduces the mana cost of Exorcism by 25/50%. In addition, you have a 50/100% chance when casting Holy Shock to make your next Exorcism spell instant and cost no mana.
Enlightened Judgements  is now a Tier 4 talent, up from Tier 3. Healing value increased by 30%. 
Healing Light  renamed to Blazing Light  - Increases the damage of your Holy Shock and Exorcism by 10/20%. No longer affects Word of Glory's healing
Arbiter of the Light  no longer affects Holy Light.
Conviction  is back as a Holy Tier 5 talent - Gives you a 1/2/3% bonus to damage and healing for 15 sec after causing a critical effect from a weapon swing, spell, or ability. This effect stacks up to 3 times.
Daybreak  Tier 3 *New* - Your Flash of Light, Holy Light and Divine Light have a 15/30% chance of resetting the cooldown on your Holy Shock.


Protection

Seal of Justice  now deals [ 0.5% of MWS * AP + 1% of MWS * Spell Power ] additional Holy damage on each hit. 
Vindication  now has a chance to reduce physical damage done by the primary target of the skills. Old - All targets
Grand Crusader  now only procs from damage dealt to your primary target.
Sanctuary  now also reduces all damage taken by 3/7/10%.


Retribution

Selfless Healer  now has a 50/100% chance to proc, up from 30/60%.
The Art of War  revamped - Your melee attacks have a 7/14/20% chance to reduce the cast time by 100%, reduce mana cost by 60%, and increase damage by 60% of your next Exorcism.
Pursuit of Justice  additional effect - You have a 50/100% chance to gain a charge of Holy Power when struck by a Stun, Fear or Immobilize effect.


 Priest Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator ,,12213 / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Holy

Hymn of Hope  now restores 2% mana, down from 3%. Increases maximum mana by 15%, down from 20%.
Holy Nova  base damage increased by 33%. 
Holy Word: Chastise  now disorients the target for 3 sec instead of immobilizing it for 2 sec.
Revelations  Serenity Heal base healing effect increased by 65%. Cooldown reduced from 45 sec to 20 sec. 
Holy Concentration  now increases the amount of mana regeneration from Spirit. 
Twirling Light  now heals for for 30/60% less. Old - 30/60% of the amount 


Shadow

Shadowfiend  now gives 3% mana when the Shadowfiend attacks, down from 5%.
Mind Control  now has a 2.5 sec cast time, up from 2 sec.
Sin and Punishment  now affects enemy targets within 10 yards, up from 6 yards. Additional effect - When your Mind Flay critically hits, the cooldown of your Shadowfiend is reduced by 10/20 sec.
Veiled Shadows  now reduces the cooldown of Shadowfiend by 30 sec/60 sec. Down from 1 min/2 min
Masochism  *New* - When you take a damaging attack equal to or greater than 10% of your total health or damage yourself with your Shadow Word: Death, you instantly gain 4/8% of your total mana.


Discipline

Aspiration  is gone.
Twin Disciplines  no longer increases the damage absorbed by Power Word: Shield.
Strength of Soul  *New* - When you heal a target with your Heal spell, the duration of the weakened soul debuff on the target is reduced by 2/4 sec.
Inner Focus  is back as a Tier 3 talent.



 Rogue Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator ,,12213 / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Combat

Combat Readiness  is now trained at level 81. Down from 83.
Fan of Knives  now deals 80% of weapon damage, up from 60%.
Kick  now costs 15 energy, down from 25 energy.


Subtlety

Redirect  is now trained at level 83. Up from 81.
Cloak of Shadows  now increases your chance to resist all spells by 200%, up from 100%.



 Shaman Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator ,,12213 / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Elemental

Magma Totem  base damage increased by 33%.
Fire Nova  base damage increased by 33%.
Rolling Thunder  is now a Tier 3 talent, down from Tier 4. Mana regeneration increased from 1% to 2%. 
Improved Fire Nova  moved to Enhancement.
Elemental Reach  no longer increases the range of Thunderstorm, now affects the range of all your Shock spells. Old - Just Flame Shock


Enhancement

Unleash Elements  now has a 40 yards range, up from 30 yards.
Totemic Vigor  is gone.
Improved Fire Nova  is now a Tier 4 Enhancement Talent - Increases the damage done by your Fire Nova by 10/20% and reduces the cooldown by 2/4 sec.


Restoration

Improved Water Shield  now also procs from Greater Healing Wave.



 Warlock Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator ,,12213 / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Affliction

Seed of Corruption  base AE damage increased by 33%.
Drain Mana  mana cost reduced from 17% of base mana to 12% of base mana.
Drain Life  now restores 5% total health to the caster every 1 sec regardless of damage done. Soulburn now reduces cast time by 50%, down from 60%. Mana cost reduced from 17% of base mana to 12% of base mana.
Life Tap  changed to - You Life Tap for 20% of your total health, converting 75% of that into mana.
Corruption  now has a 40 yards range, up from 30 yards.
Haunt  now has a 40 yards range, up from 30 yards.
Soul Swap  now has a 40 yards range, up from 30 yards.
And I think Dark Pact is gone, but since I also screwed up with Soul Link last time, I strongly suggest that you assume I'm stupid until it's confirmed. 


Demonology

Soulburn  now lasts 20 sec, up from 15 sec.
Unending Breath  is back. 
Nemesis  is gone.
Hand of Gul'dan 's range increased from 30 yards to 40 yards and revamped - Summons a falling meteor down upon the enemy target, dealing 1597.26 to 1886.4 Shadow damage and erupts an aura of magic within 4 yards, causing all targets within it to have an increased 10% chance to be critically hit by any of your demons for 15 sec. 
Ancient Grimoire  is now a Tier 5 talent, up from Tier 4.
Demonic Rebirth  has a 2 minute cooldown.
Aura of Foreboding <NYI>  Tier 4 *New* - When your Hand of Gul'dan lands, all enemies within 4 yards will be rooted for 2/3 sec and stunned for the same duration if they are still within the Curse of Gul'dan aura 6 sec afterword.


Destruction

Shadowflame  no longer fears the targets.
Hellfire  base damage increased by 33%. 
Rain of Fire  base damage increased by 33%. Range increased from 30 yards to 35 yards.
Immolate  range increased from 30 to 40 yards.
Chaos Bolt  range increased from 30 to 40 yards.
Empowered Imp  now has a 2/4% chance to proc from your Imp's Firebolt. 
Soul Leech  now restores 1/2% of your total health and mana, down from 5/10%.
Backdraft  now reduces the casting time of Shadow Bolt, Incinerate, and Shadow Bolt by 10/20/30% for 15 sec. No longer has 3 charges. 


 Warrior Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator ,,12213 / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Arms

Sweeping Strikes  now lasts 30 sec instead of lasting 5 attacks. Cooldown not changed yet. 


Fury

Inner Rage  now increases damage caused by all abilities by 15% Down from 50% and increases rage costs by 50% Up from 15%. Values are just inverted and this is most likely a bug. 
Die by the Sword  is now a Tier 4 talent, down from Tier 5.
Meat Cleaver  is now a Tier 5 talent, up from Tier 4.
Improved Execute  is now a Tier 2 talent, down from Tier 3.
Enrage  is now a Tier 3 talent, up from Tier 2.


Protection

Bastion of Defense  critical hit chance reduction now only applies in Defensive Stance. 
Blood and Thunder  is now a Tier 1 talent, down from Tier 2.
Hold the Line  is now a Tier 2 talent, up from Tier 1.