Boubouille2010-10-15, 07:03 AMTier 11 Models - Death Knight
The Tier 11 model for the Death Knight is now available.


 


Mounts and Items Removed in 4.0.3
As stated in the Under Dev page , patch 4.0.3 brings about The Shattering, a cataclysmic event that will forever change the face of Azeroth. As we prepare to raise the level cap and introduce two new races with the Cataclysm expansion, it's important to keep in mind that the game world is going through tremendous changes that will affect the availability of certain rare mounts and items.

Swift Zulian Tiger
Zul'Gurub is changing from a raid to a leveling zone in 4.0.3, and this mount will no longer be obtainable.

Swift Razzashi Raptor
This mount will also no longer be obtainable after the change to Zul'Gurub.

Razzashi Hatchling
With the change to Zul'Gurub this non-combat pet will no longer be obtainable.

Tome of Polymorph: Turtle  Mage
This tome will continue to be available through other means.

Crusader's White/Black Warhorse and Swift Alliance Steed/Swift Horde Wolf
As the attempt-based tribute system is being removed from Heroic Trial of the Crusader, the Argent Crusade Tribute Chest will no longer spawn, and these mounts will no longer be obtainable

Reins of the Blue Drake
This mount will once again be available from defeating 10-player Malygos without needing to use the Dungeon Finder. The Reins of the Azure Drake will only be available on 25-player Malygos.

Mimiron's Head
This mount will change to be a very low drop chance when defeating 25-player Yogg'Saron with no Keepers assisting you

Invincible
This mount will change to be a very low drop chance when defeating Heroic 25-player Lich King

Although we have no current plans to introduce new ways to obtain the Zul'Gurub mounts, pets, and the tribute mounts, they may return should we find a place where they fit in the future. 


TiVo Alert: Cataclysm TV Spot Debuts 10/17
Now I guess that explains why the files are encrypted. 

This Sunday, during the Dallas Cowboys versus Minnesota Vikings NFL game on Fox starts at 4:15 PM EDT, 1:15 PM PDT, we are debuting a new television commercial for World of Warcraft's upcoming expansion. The commercial will feature the first look at cinematic footage from Cataclysm, so tune in to an exciting game this Sunday and catch the new commercial!



MLG DC is coming this Friday!
Major League Gaming's tournament series continues as MLG Washington DC 2010 fires things up this Friday, October 15th, starting at 5:00 PM EST.

For World of Warcraft arena, top teams will be fighting for their places in the upcoming MLG National Championships. This is the final event of the season, and will determine where these teams are seeded at the MLG National Championships.

On the StarCraft II front, 64 of the best players, including luminaries like MLG Raleigh's champion HuK, as well as IdrA, White-Ra, TLO and iNControl, will compete for $7500 in cash prizes as well as MLG Rank Points to determine their placement in the National Championships taking place in Dallas next month.

You can catch it all streamed live at , including both standard def and HD options. If you live in the area, this would also be a great time to pick up passes for MLG Dallas , happening on Nov 5th - 7th. The National Championship event is the culmination of the MLG 2010 season for StarCraft II, with $17,500 in prizes on the line.