Boubouille2010-11-05, 07:05 AMUpdated Combat Resurrection Design
The design for combat resurrection effects has changed a good deal for Cataclysm, and we want to make sure players are clear on how spells like Rebirth and Create Soulstone now function. Rebirth has a 10-minute cooldown and Create Soulstone has a 15-minute cooldown. On raid boss encounters, you can only use one of these combat resurrection spells so one Rebirth or one Soulstone per attempt for 10-player raids. For 25-player raids you can use three forms of combat resurrection per raid boss attempt so three of any combination of Rebirth and Soulstone. The count is incremented as soon as a player accepts a resurrection, so one can always choose not to accept if he or she wants someone else to get the resurrection instead. There is no equivalent of the Sated debuff which tracks Bloodlust/Heroism usage, but you will get an error message if you try to resurrect too many players, and we might add tracking to our raid interface if there is demand for it. Outside of raid content, you can use as many battle resurrections as you have available.

For those of you currently participating in the World of Warcraft: Cataclysm beta test, please note that this functionality may not be fully implemented as of yet. If you notice combat resurrections are not currently functioning as explained here, this is just a heads-up about the updated design intent behind them. 

Unless Soulstone is being changed, why does the harder to use combat rez that being Soulstone, since you have to predict ahead of time who to Soulstone have the longer cooldown?
One thing we're considering with Soulstone is making it possible, in addition to its current functionality, to be cast on a dead player to give them the option of joining the living again. 



New Community Site Live Preview
Looks like we won't be the only one with a new design this week. The new community site is live and is very similar to the one launched with Starcraft 2.
] Many [/url] exciting changes are coming to World of Warcraft with the upcoming Cataclysm expansion, both in-game and out. We're excited to offer you an early look at the new World of Warcraft community site, which will soon become the prime gathering spot and source of information for players on the web. You can read more about the transition from our existing website to the new one in our original announcement: 

As you’re exploring your future home, keep in mind that this is a live preview, and not all of the new features are ready quite yet. We want your feedback about the look and feel of the new site, so while you're browsing, we encourage you to submit bug reports and make feature requests -- let your voice be heard. Go ahead. Check it out!

New World of Warcraft Community Site: 

Website Bug Reports: 

Website Feature Requests: 



   
   
   


Blue Posts
5 Tanks on Halfus Wyrmbreaker
We have a fix going in for this in the next beta build. Should no longer be possible to do this without inflicting terrible, terrible damage and wiping. Source 

 Paladin Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Guarded by the Light
We changed rank 1 of Guarded by the Light to provide the Holy Shield functionality and buff Word of Glory a little bit. Rank 2 provides the overheal shield functionality and buffs Word of Glory a bit more. Source 