Boubouille2010-11-19, 12:07 PMIf you missed it, make sure you check Yesterday's Dev Chat 

What's in Patch 4.0.3a
Sammew posted an interesting list of the features you should and should not expect in Patch 4.0.3a on the official forums  Zarhym also jumped in, and announced a 20% reduction to the XP required to gain levels from 71 to 80. 

What is not in:

Creating worgen/goblin characters
Worgen/Goblin start zones
Archeology
Professions past 450 Illustrious Grand Master
Guild leveling
Guild achievements
Eastern Kingdoms/Kalimdor flight
New Zones 80+


What is in:

Portals in Dalaran Removed
Class trainers in Dalaran where portals once were
New race-class combinations excluding worgen/goblin
New Gnome/Troll starting areas
Changes to existing zones
New cata load screens
New cata intro cinematic
New cata login screen
New music
City Quartermasters, with rep tabards
Bug fixes
Class balancing
Druids, paladins, priests, and shaman will have their talent trees reset
Experience required to gain levels 71 through 80 is being reduced by 20%
New tamable hunter pets Monkey, fox, dog, and beetle, as well as new skins for exsisting pet classes. Complete list here  thanks to www.wow-petopia.com


Good thread, Sammew. Aside from content, also included in the upcoming patch are several class balance changes and bug fixes. Due to several talent revisions for select classes, druids, paladins, priests, and shaman will have their talent trees reset.

Experience required to gain levels 71 through 80 is being reduced by 20%.

You'll also get the Cataclysm introductory cinematic and new login screen.


Your Fortune Awaits
The ground trembles beneath your feet and sinister cultists speak of impending doom. Loved ones have gone missing and the appearance of angered elementals only adds to the confusion. What does the future hold for Azeroth's heroes? What fortune awaits within Sayge’s cards? Visit the Darkmoon Faire  and shed light on these mysteries.

Join the ranks of the Horde or the Alliance by taking the World of Warcraft: Cataclysm personality test. Gain insight into your destiny by answering a series of questions that probe into your inner workings and draw fortune's cards to catch a glimpse of the future.

By "Liking" and "Sharing" content on the site, taking the personality test, and submitting original images or videos to our contests, you can help unlock exclusive content for the Horde or Alliance! 


 


Blue Posts
Stood in the Fire  Feat of Strength
It'll be virtually impossible to predict when and where he'll show up. Deathwing does what he wants. Waiting in a random zone for him to show up is not going to be very effective. It could literally take days for him to hit the zone you're in. Source 

Official Forums
All forums are now read only. We'll see you over at the new site! Source 

Onyxian Whelpling
It was a pet rewarded to any characters that logged on during the 5th year anniversary. While some special pets are account-wide and mailed on new character creation, the Onyxian Whelpling was not one of them. Source 

Loremaster in Cataclysm
We hope to release more details about Loremaster tomorrow. Stay tuned! Source 

 Death Knight Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Horn of Winter
The behavior you're describing is the result of a bug which will be fixed in the next patch prior to the release of Cataclysm. You will again be able to toot your own horn to gain runic power, you just won't get the Attack Power benefit if a similar buff is already present. Source 



Fan Art
A new Fan Art has been added to the official site 


 