Boubouille2010-12-04, 01:23 PMUpdates might get a little crazy over the week-end as I push the final bits of content to get ready for the release of Cataclysm. Hopefully, I won't crash the site or kill a moderator, but if it happen I'm sure the guy who will replace me after I get fired will be as nice as I am. 

Cataclysm Dungeons Pages Updated
I finally updated most of the Cataclysm dungeons pages to let you prepare before the release! If everything goes as planned, I'll probably have some extra time for the Deadmines/SFK pages and we might have a couple of strategy guides, maybe. Thanks to Marlamin  and Simca  for their precious help on these pages. 


   
   
   
 


Leaders of the Alliance and Horde Part 1 - Garrosh
King Varian Wrynn, Queen Sylvanas Windrunner, King Genn Greymane, and Trade Prince Gallywix—these are just a few of the leaders who continue to shape Azeroth's destiny. They are the embodiments of their races' strongest traits... and at times their greatest failings. In the coming months, Blizzard Entertainment will be releasing short stories that will peer into the hearts of these legendary heroes and offer insight into what new trials might lie ahead as they lead their people in a world forever changed by the Cataclysm.

The first story of this series, "Heart of War, " offers a glimpse into the experiences that have shaped Garrosh into the leader he is today: his heroic exploits in Northrend; his uncertainty as he arrived in the imposing Horde capital of Orgrimmar; and most importantly, his friendship with his mentor, the warchief he would eventually replace, Thrall. This tale was written by Sarah Pine, the winner of Blizzard Entertainment's 2009 Global Writing Contest.


Brady Games Cataclysm Strategy Guide
Whether you're a first-time player or a Molten Core veteran, Brady Games' official World of Warcraft: Cataclysm strategy guide has something for everyone. The guide weighs in at nearly 500 pages and dives into the areas you want to know about most. It covers the playable worgen and goblin races and their starting zones, as well as detailed information on Azeroth's shattered landscape and all the new quests. You'll also find a thorough guide to the new level 80-85 content.

The Brady Games World of Warcraft: Cataclysm strategy guide will be available on December 7 at retailers that sell World of Warcraft strategy guides and at the Blizzard Store 


The Daily Blink - Solliden Farmstead
The Solliden Farmstead  is hiring apparently! From The Daily Blink , yeah, turns out I like these guys!


 