Boubouille2010-12-13, 08:50 AMGuild Experience gains Reduced
According to tons of posts on the forums , the guild experience from quests has been greatly reduced from 100% to 25%. A quest rewarding 22k XP to a player used to reward the guild with the same amount of XP, it will now only reward 5500 XP. 


 



Cataclysm Raid Progress - All Bosses Dead!
The russian guild Exorsus  defeated Nefarian in 10-Man mode tonight, 25-man attempts are crippled by a respawn bug and I guess it's pretty much the same thing since Blizzard stated that 10-man and 25-man raids should have pretty much the same difficulty. Congratulations to them!


 

Paragon  killed Nefarian shortly after, also in 10-man mode. 



Blackrock Caverns / Throne of Tides Loot Upgraded
All the items from the first dungeons in Cataclysm have been upgraded! The first tier of items had a pretty low ilvl and Blizzard decided to boost them from ilvl 279 to ilvl 303, the stat gain is considerable and it might be a nice help for people trying to meet ilvl requirements to enter heroic instances. A few examples below.


 



Somewhere over the rainbow ...
Due to the insane pressure from the thousands of people sending me messages about this, I decided to news the most powerful item of the expansion: Rainbow Generator  

Everything starts in Felwood with Arcanist Delaris and Do the Imp-Possible  


 

After a few more quests it won't take more than 5 minutes if you're level 80/85 you will eventually get the final quest of the chain Open Their Eyes , where you will learn that imps are terrified of rainbows.


 

The quest will reward you with your very own Rainbow Generator , the cooldown is a little long 10 Minutes but you can imagine how awesome it will look on your next boss kill video when 25 people starts shooting rainbows at the boss to pull him!


 



Comics
Dark Legacy Comic #265 , Dark Legacy Comic #266  and Dark Legacy Comic #267  are out because I totally missed a couple of them during the release of Cataclysm. Teh Gladiators #192 + #193  is also out!


   
   