Boubouille2010-12-22, 07:37 AMPvP Rating & Conquest Item Adjustments
Apparently, Blizzard accidentally the whole arena season. 
As many of you are aware there was an issue which allowed players to reach unexpectedly high Match Making Values. While that issue has since been resolved, we're taking steps to control what occurred while it was active.


All existing items requiring 2200 rating will have their minimum level requirement temporarily increased to make those items unusable. This change is currently planned to be reverted on January 25.
Weapons which require a 2200 rating will be unavailable for purchase. This limitation is also planned for reversion on January 25.
All player and team ratings for arenas will be reduced to a maximum of 1500. Player, team and matchmaking ratings below 1500 will not be affected
Match Making Values for all players will be set to 1500.


In addition, the "best week rating" will be reduced to a maximum of 1500 to match the rating change, which will in turn be used to determine next week's max weekly Conquest Points. The maximum Conquest Points given for next week will be set to 1343 to match the number that would be obtainable with a rating of 1500.


Non-Crafters can no longer roll on Chaos Orbs
This is a bug. A hotfix was applied about an hour ago that changes it so Chaos Orbs will only be available for Need rolls by characters with Tailoring, Blacksmithing, Leatherworking, and Engineering minimum skill of 425 required. This fix may not appear until the next time realms are restarted, which is likely to be early tomorrow morning.


Cataclysm Hotfixes - December 21
Here you will find a list of hotfixes that address various issues related to the release of patch 4.0.3a and World of Warcraft: Cataclysm. While many have already been deployed on all realms, some may not be implemented until the next time your realm is restarted. We will continue to update this thread in the days ahead as additional hotfixes are applied.

December 21
General

Weekly resets and calculations which occur during regular maintenance should no longer be applied one hour early, which should prevent them from being run twice.
The sell prices for the 7th and 8th bank tabs purchased with guild level 5 are now 0.


 Hunter Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Hunter pets now benefit from the 1% increased hit chance from the Draenei racial Heroic Presence.


 Mage Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Flame Orb is now benefiting from Clearcasting procs, is not costing any mana when using the buff, and removing the buff correctly when used.


 Paladin Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Damage dealt to the paladin by Hand of Sacrifice correctly breaks all forms of a mage's Polymorph.
Light of Dawn is now properly locked out when the Holy spell tree is locked out and cannot be used for the duration of the lock.


 Priest Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

The healing effect from Atonement is now being effected by healing modifiers correctly.


 Rogue Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Rogues lose any stored combo points upon entering an Arena, preventing the use of abilities such as Slice n' Dice.


 Shaman Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Unleash Frost is now correctly categorized as a snare effect and is properly removed when spells such as Hand of Freedom are cast.


 Warlock Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

The Soulburn effect can now be used on alternate spells if the first attempt to use the Soulburn effect fails.
Warlocks should no longer get an “Invalid Target Error” when trying to summon a player into a raid instance. If the player is ineligible to enter the instance, they will get an error that they are already locked upon accepting the summon.


 Warrior Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Bladestorm now deals 150% normalized weapon damage as advertised. It was incorrectly dealing 100% normalized weapon damage.


Dungeons & Raids
Blackrock Caverns

The duration of the Superheated Quicksilver Armor debuff on Karsh Steelbender is now 17 seconds, up from 12 seconds. The encounter was too hard to tank and went against our intended fight mechanics. The display for this buff may not properly update until a client-side patch is applied.
Rom'ogg Bonecrusher's Chains of Woe should no longer push players under the world.


Blackwing Descent

Magmaw's Pillar of Flame now prefers targets further than 15 yards away for Lava Parasites and will not be cast more than once per 30 seconds.
Lava Parasites now only apply their melee attack proc to players who are targeted. Lava Parasites are functioning normally and cannot infest a player with more than 3 Parasite debuffs active. Snared Lava Parasites will function like other creatures and switch to a nearby target if it becomes available, making them a viable target for Infestation.
Drakonid Chainwielders and Drakonid Drudges had too many hit points in the 10-player version. Their hit points have been reduced.
Drakonid Drudges will charge another target if the furthest target is more than 80 yards away.


Gnomeregan

Mekgineer Thermaplugg is no longer using outdated abilities and has a shiny new list of abilities to use. He is also no longer immune to taunts.


The Stonecore

Corborus should no longer reset if any of the Rock Borers evade.
Ozruk can now be mined and has an appropriate loot table.


Professions

Chaos Orbs can now only been seen and rolled on by characters with a minimum skill level of 425 in Tailoring, Blacksmithing, Leatherworking, or Engineering.
Elemental Goos now drop 100% of the time off of Cataclysm elementals for the Jewelcrafting daily quest.
Stone Bats in Deepholm can no longer be skinned.
Nightsabers in Teldrassil are able to be skinned now without issue.
Engineers are no longer able to use the Spinal Healing Injector or Z50 Mana Gulper tinkers in Arenas.
Rare Archaeology finds should now grant triple skill gains.
The progress on the guild achievement That's a Lot of Travel Time no longer goes up each time players complete the repeatable quest "Could I get a Fishing Flier?"


PvP
Arenas

All 28 of the Vicious Gladiator 2200 rating weapons now require level 86 to equip. This is a temporary fix to prevent items which were obtained prematurely due to a bug causing Arena rating inflation from being used.
All weapon, ranged, and off-hand items which require a 2200 rating have been temporarily removed from their respective vendors. This is a temporary fix to prevent items from being obtained prematurely due to a bug causing Arena rating inflation.
Engineers are no longer able to use the Spinal Healing Injector or Z50 Mana Gulper tinkers in Arenas.
Rogues lose any stored combo points upon entering an Arena, preventing the use of abilities such as Slice n' Dice.
Demolishers are properly spawning in at the beginning of Round 2 in Strand of the Ancients as Preparation fades.


Quests & Creatures
Deepholm

Quest credit for killing Fungalmancer Glop should now be awarded to all players on his threat list.


Durotar

Attempting to use the Drowned Thunder Lizard Tail outside of Durotar now returns the error "You need to be in Durotar".


Twilight Highlands

The Deathwing cutscene should now dismiss pets for better viewing opportunities.
Cadaver Collage's hit points in Crucible of Carnage have been increased. The poison clouds that are left on the ground now despawn when Cadaver Collage begins casting Inhale. When Cadaver Collage begins to float away, it now displays an explosion animation after a few seconds and the player is removed from combat. This occurs within a few seconds, much faster than it previously took to leave combat.


Vashj'ir

The Submerged buff for the quest "Quicksilver Submersion" will no longer persist outside of the Upper Silvermarsh subzone. In addition, the Submerged buff does not count as Stealth on either a druid or rogue.