Boubouille2011-01-12, 01:43 AMPatch 4.0.6 Notes Update - January 11
The notes for tonight's PTR build have been updated, as usual, they are the only thing you should trust and any change mentioned here is more reliable than the funny datamining. Blizzard spends a lot more time than they used to working on very nice official patch notes, use them. PS: I totally slacked and chaud  did the notes update, love him, not me

It's also very interesting to point out that the racial flight forms are finally being activated in-game. 


<object width="700" height="455"><param name="movie" value=""></param><param name="allowFullScreen" value="true"></param><param name="allowscriptaccess" value="always"></param><embed src="" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" allowscriptaccess="always" allowfullscreen="true" width="700" height="455"></embed></object>

Worgen Flight Form

       

General

Guild bank vouchers that players unlock as guild rewards now correctly state that they can only be used by Guild Leaders.
Many rare creatures that went into hiding upon Deathwing's emergence into Azeroth have made a return! In addition to finding new homes in a post-Cataclysm world, they drop new, improved loot, provide a healthy experience bonus, and respawn much more quickly when killed. Happy hunting!


Dungeons & Raids

Level 85 players can now choose any normal dungeon via the Dungeon Finder. Choosing Random Dungeon will still not add Blackrock Caverns or Throne of the Tides into the rotation.


Blackrock Caverns

Beauty now spawns with only two pups in Heroic difficulty. Not to worry though, the missing pup has been adopted by a wonderful, if not insane family.


Grim Batol

Faceless Corruptors now move 10% more slowly.
Players may still use spell and abilities while afflicted by Forgemaster Throngus's Impaling Slam.
Valiona's Devouring Flame damage has been reduced by 20%.


Halls of Origination

The duration of the Flame Wardens' Raging Inferno has been reduced by 80%.
Anraphet's Nemesis Strike now does 75% of weapon damage, up from 50%. In addition, the damage-over-time effect applied by this ability does 15,000 damage every 2 seconds, up from 9,000.
Earthrager Ptah's Flame Bolt now deals more damage per second on Heroic difficulty.
Setesh seeks a portal every 25 seconds, up from 20.


Lost City of the Tol'vir

Lockmaw no longer tolerates fighting in his treasure room.


Shadowfang Keep

Baron Ashbury

Sadly, in his hubris he has forgotten how to Mend Rotten Flesh.



Lord Walden

Conjure Poisonous Mixture now deals more initial damage.
Frost Mixture is now area-of-effect damage.
Toxic Catalyst now deals less damage over time.



The Stonecore

Stonecore Earthshapers' Dust Storm does slightly less damage.
Corborus

The warning time for Thrashing Charge has been increased by 1 second. In addition, Thrashing Charge now happens 4 times, down from 5.
The visual for Rock Borers spawning during the submersion phase is now different from the Thrashing Charge visual.



High Priestess Azil

She grew! She's now 175% the size of a human, up from 125%.
Gravity Wells should kill Devout Followers more quickly.
The cast time of Force Grip is now 1.5 seconds, up from 1.
The size of the warning visual for Seismic Shard has been increased to more accurately reflect the area it affects.

Slabhide

The ground phase lasts longer and has fewer stalactites.

Ozruk

There is now a precast visual on the ground to make it clear how far away a player must get to be clear of Shatter.
The cast time of Shatter has been increased to 3 seconds, up from 2.5.
Shatter damage is now reduced by armor, but has been increased by 33.3% repeating, of course as a result.

Bug Fixes

Fixed a bug that made Ozruk's Shatter knockback component 10-yard range while the damage had a 15-yard range. Both are 15 yards now.



Throne of the Tides

The damage done by Lady Naz'jatar's Shock Blast and Naz'jar Tempest Witch Chain Lightning has been reduced.
Tainted Sentries Swell damage has been reduced.
The damage of Blight of Ozumat has been reduced by 25% per stack.


The Vortex Pinnacle

Creatures

Desperate Speed cast by Temple Adepts has had its duration reduced significantly.



Altairus

The visual effects in this encounter have been adjusted to make the wind direction easier to read.
Cyclones now knock players straight up, and players hit by a cyclone cannot be hit again for a few seconds.

Asaad

Skyfall Stars are now summoned to help him defeat players.
Static Cling has had its cast time increased to 1.25 seconds, up from 1.

Grand Vizier Ertan

His health has been reduced slightly.
He now knocks away players standing too close to him when he retracts his Cyclone Shield, which now inflicts Nature damage if it touches players.

Bug Fixes

Fixed a bug that made Ozruk's Shatter knockback component 10-yard range while the damage had a 15-yard range. Both are 15 yards now.



PvP
Tol Barad

Players will now be teleported out of the Tol Barad micro dungeons 15 minutes before the beginning of the next battle.


Classes
 Death Knight Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Necrotic Strike's absorption effect is now reduced by the target's resilience. In addition, its debuff duration has been reduced to 10 seconds, down from 15.
The spell hit bonus previously given by Virulence Unholy has been rolled into the Runic Focus passive effect that all death knights possess.


Blood

Bone Shield now has 4 charges, up from 3.
If Death Strike is used while a Blood Shield is already active, the new absorb will stack with the old one instead of replacing it.
Scarlet Fever now applies via Blood Plague, rather than Blood Boil.


Frost

Chilblains now also causes Chains of Ice to root the target for 1.5/3 seconds.
Hungering Cold now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.


Unholy

Blightcaller Mastery has been redesigned and renamed Dreadblade. It increases all Shadow damage by 2.5% per point of mastery.
Death's Advance new talent: While both Unholy Runes are depleted, movement-impairing effects cannot reduce the death knight below 75/100% of normal movement speed.
Sudden Doom is now triggered only from main-hand auto attacks, and is normalized according to weapon speed rather than having a fixed percentage chance.
Virulence has been redesigned. It now grants 10/20/30% additional disease damage.


Glyphs

Glyph of Dark Succor new talent raise the minimum healing done by Death Strike from 7% to 20% of maximum health, but only while in Unholy or Frost Presence.


Runeforging

Swordbreaking and Swordshattering now reduce disarm duration by 60%, up from 50%.


 Druid Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Entangling Roots now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.
Hibernate now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.
Moonfire mana cost has been reduced from 18% to 9%.
Nature's Grasp now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.
Prowl is no longer broken by enemies using Demoralizing Shout or Demoralizing Roar.
Skull Bash's lockout time has been reduced to 4 seconds, down from 5.
Soothe is now instant cast, down from 1.5 seconds.
Worgen and troll druids now have new art for Swift Flight Form.


Balance

Sunfire mana cost has been reduced from 18% to 9%.
Total Eclipse Mastery benefit from mastery increased by approximately 33%.


Feral

Infected Wounds now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.


Restoration

Empowered Touch now also affects Regrowth. In addition, after Tree of Life is no longer active, this talent will only refresh the most recently cast or refreshed Lifebloom, and will not refresh other copies of Lifebloom.
Natural Shapeshifter has been reduced to a 3/6-second increase to Tree of Life's duration, down from 5/10.
Symbiosis Mastery benefit from mastery increased by approximately 16%.
Tree of Life no longer grants immunity to Polymorph. In addition, its duration has been reduced to 25 seconds, down from 30.
Wild Growth healing has been increased by 30%, and the cooldown has been reduced to 8 seconds, down from 10.


Glyphs

Glyph of Entangling Roots redesigned. It now reduces the cast time of Entangling Roots by 0.2 seconds, rather than making it instant cast.


 Hunter Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Cobra shot cast time is now affected by haste.
Concussive Shot duration has been increased to 6 seconds, up from 4.
Freezing Trap now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.
Master's Call now has a 35-second cooldown, down from 1 minute, and its range has been increased to 40 yards, up from 25. In addition, the visual effect is more obvious.
Steady Shot cast time is now affected by haste.
Wing Clip now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.


Marksmanship

Wild Quiver Mastery: Chance for this to trigger per mastery has been increased by approximately 17%.


Survival

Black Arrow damage has been reduced by 25%.
Explosive Shot damage has been reduced by 25%.
Hunter vs. Wild has been increased to 5/10/15% Stamina, up from 4/8/12%.
Serpent Spread can now only affect up to 4 targets per Multi-Shot, down from unlimited.


Glyphs

Glyph of Concussive Shot redesigned. It now limits the maximum run speed of the target while Concussive Shot is active.


Bug Fixes

Cobra Shot now properly increases the duration of the Serpent Spread Serpent Sting.


 Mage Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Arcane Barrage mana cost has been reduced by 8%.
Arcane Blast mana cost has been reduced by 12%.
Counterspell lockout duration reduced to 7 seconds, down from 8.
Fireball mana cost has been reduced by 25%.
Polymorph now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.
Ring of Frost: Radius shrunk to 8 yards, and inner "safe" radius is now 4.7 yards exactly matching graphic. Dispelling the effect of Ring of Frost will now make the target immune to being refrozen for 3 seconds. If a second Ring of Frost is cast by the same mage while the first is still active via Cold Snap, the first will now disappear and cease functioning. In addition, Ring of Frost now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.
When a mage uses the Invisibility spell, it will now also cause their pet Water Elemental to become invisible.


Arcane

Slow now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.


Fire

Firestarter now allows the mage to cast Scorch while moving regardless of which armor spell is used, and no longer eliminates Molten Armor's critical strike chance reduction.
Flashburn Mastery benefit per mastery has been increased by 12%.
Living Bomb mana cost has been reduced by 22%.


Frost

Deep Freeze damage done has been reduced by 20%.
Fingers of Frost can no longer be dispelled and now also increases Ice Lance damage by 15%.
Frost Specialization now only grants 2 base points of mastery instead of 8, reducing all Frost damage to frozen targets by 15% from previous values. However, Frost Specialization now increases base Frostbolt damage by 15%.


 Paladin Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Forbearance

The duration has been lowered to 1 minute, down from 2.
Lay on Hands now causes Forbearance on the target. It used to only cause it when cast on the paladin. This was an old design from when Divine Protection caused Forbearance and the paladin didn't want to prevent a tank from using their defensive cooldown.
Lay on Hands cannot be a critical effect and will not be affected by most abilities which modify healing such as Beacon of Light.
Since only Divine Shield, Lay on Hands and Hand of Protection cause Forbearance, the tooltips have been adjusted to better explain the mechanic.

Holy Wrath no longer counts nearby critters when dividing damage among its targets.
Seal of Truth: All single target attacks including Judgement, Hammer of Wrath, Exorcism, and Templar's Verdict can now trigger this seal.


Holy

Protector of the Innocent heals for 30% less.


Protection

Vindication no longer allows Hammer of Justice to interrupt stun-immune targets. With Rebuke baseline, this functionality is no longer necessary.


Retribution

Act of Sacrifice will no longer cause Cleanse to remove movement impairing effects from vehicles the paladin is riding.


 Priest Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Mind Control now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.
Mind Sear can now be channeled on friendly targets in addition to enemy targets. In addition, Mind Sear's damage has been increased by roughly 15%.
Prayer of Healing effectiveness has been reduced by 15%.


Discipline

Divine Aegis: Critical effects from Prayer of Healing now award a bonus amount in addition to the default, always-proc Divine Aegis effect.
In addition to Strength of Soul's existing effects, when Power Word: Shield is placed on oneself, the priest becomes immune to silence, interrupt, and dispel effects for 2/4 seconds.


Holy

Chakra

Binding Heal and Holy Word: Serenity now refresh the duration of Renew on the target, in addition to the other direct heals.
Binding Heal, Flash Heal, Greater Heal can now trigger Chakra: Serenity.
Mind Spike can now trigger Chakra: Chastise.

Circle of Healing effectiveness has been increased by 30%.
Guardian Spirit: The absorb/heal from this ability can now never exceed 200% of the maximum health of the target.


Shadow

Shadow Orbs benefit from mastery has been increased by approximately 16%.


 Rogue Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Blind now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.
Crippling Poison now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.
Sap now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.
Stealth is no longer broken by enemies using Demoralizing Shout or Demoralizing Roar.


Assassination

Deadly Momentum critical strike bonus now lasts for 15 seconds, up from 10.


Combat

Main Gauche Mastery now provides a chance to deal an attack for 100% of main-hand damage. This attack can trigger Combat Potency.
Restless Blades now also reduces the cooldown of Redirect.
Vitality now increases attack power by 25%, up from 20%.


Subtlety

Executioner Mastery has been increased from 2% to 2.5% per point.
Find Weakness now grants 35/70% armor reduction, up from 25/50%.
Preparation no longer resets the cooldown of Evasion.
Sanguinary Vein now gives a rogue a 50/100% chance for their own Bleed effects to not break their Gouge.
Shadowstep's cooldown has been increased to 24 seconds, up from 20 seconds.
Sinister Calling now grants 30% Agility, up from 25%, and increases Backstab and Hemorrhage damage by an additional 40%, up from 25%.


 Shaman Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Chain Heal's effectiveness has been increased by approximately 10%.
Hex now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.
Purge now dispels a single effect instead of two.
Tremor Totem has been redesigned. The totem is now usable under Fear, Charm, or Sleep effects, and pulses much more rapidly, but lasts 6 seconds and has a 1-minute cooldown.


Elemental Combat

Earthquake damage has been increased by approximately 10%.


Enhancement

Flametongue Weapon damage now scales from attack power instead of spell power for Enhancement shaman only.
Purge no longer has its mana cost reduced by Mental Quickness.


Restoration

Cleansing Waters no longer fires its heal effect twice when a shaman removes a Magic and a Curse debuff with a single cast.
Deep Healing Mastery has been increased to 3% per point, up from 2.5%.
Greater Healing Wave mana cost has been increased by 10%; healing done has been increased by 20%.
Mana Tide Totem has been redesigned. The totem no longer multiplies the Spirit of those affected by it. It instead gives a flat amount of Spirit equal to 400% of the casting shaman's Spirit, exclusive of short-term Spirit buffs affecting the shaman when the totem is dropped.


 Warlock Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Curse of Exhaustion now reduces movement speed by 30%, down from 50%. Its range has been increased to 40 yards, up from 30.
Demon Armor and Fel Armor no longer cost mana and last until canceled.
Fear now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.
Fel Armor now increases the warlock's maximum mana by 10% instead of regenerating health.
Seduction Succubus now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.


Affliction

Unstable Affliction's silence effect has been reduced to 4 seconds, down from 5.


Demonology

Demon Soul: Imp redesigned. It now increases the critical strike chance of all non instant cast Destruction spells by 30%, rather than increasing critical strike damage. Duration reduced to 20 seconds.
Felstorm Felguard damage has been reduced by 20%.
Immolation Aura damage has been reduced by roughly 30%.
Inferno no longer increases the radius of Hellfire, but instead increases the duration of Immolate by 6 seconds in addition to its existing effect.
Master Demonologist Mastery benefit from mastery increased by approximately 33%.


Destruction

Burning Embers damage has been reduced by 15%.
Fiery Apocalypse Mastery benefit from mastery increased by approximately 8%.
Improved Soul Fire now increases Fire and Shadow damage done by 4/8%, rather than 7/15% spell haste. In addition, this talent has been moved to tier-3 Destruction, switching places with Aftermath.


 Warrior Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Hamstring now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.
Inner Rage has been redesigned. It now reduces the cooldown on Heroic Strike and Cleave by 50% to 1.5 second for the next 15 seconds. 1-minute cooldown. It still cannot be used during Deadly Calm. This ability was originally designed to help warriors with rage capping, but the Heroic Strike and rage normalization changes seem to have solved that problem on their own. This new design will still allow warriors to burn off excess rage faster, at their discretion.
Slam cast time is now affected by haste.


Fury

Bloodthirst damage has been increased by approximately 30%.
Raging Blow weapon damage percent at level 80+ has been increased from 110% to 145%.


Protection

Charge's stun continues to not trigger diminishing returns for Protection warriors who have the Warbringer talent.


Professions

Find Herbs, Fish, and Minerals are no longer canceled upon entering an Arena or rated Battleground.
A socket has been added to all crafted epic armor pieces that did not already have one.


Alchemy

Alchemist's Stones for Agility, Strength, and Intellect have been added.
The number of herbs required to create flasks has been reduced, while the Volatile Life needed has been increased slightly.
The drops from Tiny Treasure Chests have been improved slightly.


Archaeology

Archaeology finds now grant a guaranteed skill point up to 50 skill, and then no longer grant skill gains, as opposed to granting up to 100 skill very slowly.


Engineering

The Electrified Ether recipe now creates 2 to 3 Electrified Ether instead of 1.
The Heat-Treated Spinning Lure buff duration has been increased to 20 minutes, up from 5. In addition, the recipe now creates 2 at a time.
Synapse Springs now increase Agility, Strength, or Intellect whichever is highest for the character.
Volatile Air now has an increased chance of dropping from rich mining nodes and Pyrite.


Jewelcrafting

Vivid Dream Emerald new gem provides resilience/spell penetration and can be purchased for 3 Illustrious Tokens.


Leatherworking

The 500 to 510 skill-up range for Leatherworking has been improved.


Tailoring

Darkglow Embroidery Rank 2 now increases Spirit instead of restoring a flat amount of mana.


Items

Left Eye of Rajh: Chance of triggering increased.
The PvE warlock 4-piece set bonus Fel Spark now increases the damage done by the next 2 Fel Flame spells by 300%, rather than increasing the critical effect chance of one by 100%.
The PvP hunter 4-piece set bonus has been increased to 10% Focus regeneration, up from 5%.
The PvP warlock 4-piece set bonus has been redesigned. It now reduces the cooldown of Death Coil by 30 seconds.
The PvP warrior 4-piece set bonus has been redesigned. It now reduces disarm duration by 60% does not stack with any Weapon Chains.
PvP trinkets will now clear disarm and silence effects.
Right Eye of Rajh: Chance of triggering increased.
Weapon Chains now reduce disarm duration by 60%, up from 50%.


Quests & Creatures
Tol Barad Peninsula

Spawn rates at Rustberg Village have been increased.