Boubouille2011-01-11, 10:06 AMUpcoming 4.0.6 Notes Update
It's important to note though that the next draft of the 4.0.6 patch notes to be posted are double the size of the notes currently on the home page of our website. There are many new notes for virtually every class yet to be posted. 

[...] I'm still working to finish the latest patch notes. You can likely expect the updated notes to hit tomorrow evening.


Patch 4.0.6 Shaman Changes
Those changes were only announced in the context of warlock changes. I recognize though that the first draft of patch notes did not yet have shaman changes listed. In light of that -- and to hopefully dissuade you all from invading the warlock forum about the changes I listed there -- below you'll find the tentative shaman notes. The patch notes will likely be updated to include these changes tomorrow evening.

 Shaman Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Chain Heal’s effectiveness has been increased by approximately 10%.
Hex now has a PvP duration of 8 seconds.
Purge now dispels a single effect instead of two.
Tremor Totem has been redesigned. The totem is now usable under Fear, Charm, or Sleep effects, and pulses much more rapidly, but lasts 6 seconds and has a 1-minute cooldown.


Elemental Combat

Earthquake damage has been increased by approximately 10%.


Enhancement

Flametongue Weapon damage now scales from attack power instead of spell power for Enhancement shaman only.
Purge no longer has its mana cost reduced by Mental Quickness.


Restoration

Cleansing Waters no longer fires its heal effect twice when a shaman removes a Magic and a Curse debuff with a single cast.
Deep Healing Mastery has been increased to 3% per point, up from 2.5%.
Greater Healing Wave mana cost has been increased by 10%; healing done has been increased by 20%.
Mana Tide Totem has been redesigned. The totem no longer multiplies the Spirit of those affected by it. It instead gives a flat amount of Spirit equal to 400% of the casting shaman’s Spirit, exclusive to short-term Spirit buffs affecting the shaman when the totem is dropped.



Blue Posts
Crowd Control duration reduction
Polymorph and many other CC abilities are being reduced to 8-second durations as well. I showed you the latest shaman changes coming in the next round of patch notes. It's important to note though that the next draft of the 4.0.6 patch notes to be posted are double the size of the notes currently on the home page of our website. There are many new notes for virtually every class yet to be posted. Source 

Vengeance Calculation
The Vengeance calculation is working correctly as far as we can ascertain. Vengeance caps at a number equal to Stamina plus 10% of base health, which is lower than 10% of health. When we buffed Stamina late in Cataclysm development, we specifically did not buff Vengeance because we didn’t think tanks needed 40% additional attack power in order to maintain threat or contribute to damage done by the group. The Vengeance tooltip is a little misleading, but in this case we think that’s fine because a more technically accurate tooltip would be quite long. Astute theorycrafters will understand the difference, while most tanks won’t actually be affected by the delta. Source 

 Warlock Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Glyph of Soul Swap change reverted
Good thread. While you're compiling feedback about the 4.0.6 warlock changes posted thus far, I want to make mention that the Glyph of Soul Swap change is being reverted for now. We don't feel that particular change is necessary as of yet, but will continue to evaluate Soul Swap's performance. Source 

Curse of Exhaustion
Also, another change not yet listed in the notes is to the default range of Curse of Exhaustion. With the movement speed reduction at 30% in 4.0.6, down from 50%, the range is being increased to 40 yards, up from 30. Source 

Warlocks DoTs dispell
In general, dispelling warlock DoTs is a little more punishing than we intended in the current PvP model. That said, there are yet still more changes not listed which are worth mentioning here:

1. The reduction on the Unstable Affliction silence effect is 4 seconds, up from 3 as currently listed.

2. We do think it's a little too easy to counter warlocks and Shadow priests with a Resto shaman's Cleansing Waters talent as was pointed out earlier in this thread, which is being nerfed in 4.0.6 as well. Source 

PvE warlock 4-piece set bonus Fel Spark
The PvE warlock 4-piece set bonus Fel Spark now increases the damage done by the next 2 Fel Flame spells by 300%, rather than increasing the critical effect chance of one by 100%. Source 

PvP warlock 4-piece set bonus
The PvP warlock 4-piece set bonus has been redesigned. It now reduces the cooldown of Death Coil by 30 seconds. Source 