Boubouille2011-01-05, 12:16 PMGuides Contest - Feral Druid, Beginner's Guide, Introduction Raiding, Warrior Tanking
It's time for one of the last updates! Tomorrow I will release the remaining guides and open the guides forum to the public and let you go through the 400 submissions, prizes will be sent the day after if everything goes as planned. 



The Cat Guide - 4.0.3a Edition  Druid Forums 
Zappie's Guide to Roleplaying Gnomes  General Discussions Forums 
Miss Pan's Handbook - A Beginner's Guide  General Discussions Forums 
Pulveriser's Guide to Cataclysm Warrior Tanking ! Warrior Forums 




 

 

 

 !


New Mobile Armory Features
We've just released a free update for the World of Warcraft Mobile Armory. The noteworthy additions include:



Support for World of Warcraft: Cataclysm, including new items, goblin and worgen races, and new race/class combinations.
An updated look: the Mobile Armory has been reskinned to match the new World of Warcraft community site.
Various UI improvements, including enhanced readability and streamlined character switching.


The World of Warcraft Mobile Armory App is available from the App Store on iPhone and iPod touch or at www.itunes.com/appstore. For more information on the World of Warcraft Mobile Armory, visit our Mobile Armory page 

iPhone and iPod touch are registered trademarks of Apple Inc.


Blue Posts
Dungeon Finder and Gear Detection
We would love to implement better ways for Dungeon Finder to detect if players know what they're doing in dungeons beyond just the gear they've accumulated. We have some long-term design goals in mind for this we're not quite prepared to share this early on though. Source 

Why did we die?
One flaw with the current system, is if players fail in a pick-up group, they aren't told why they failed. People then tend to play the blame game, often directing malice at the healers.

So while I'm speaking more about class roles, I think the idea still lends itself to your question. It'd be helpful to get more information than just through trial and error. Groups could benefit if they knew they didn't wipe because the healer didn't manage mana well enough, but because the DPS wasn't high enough, or boss adds weren't properly rounded up, etc. Source 


The Daily Blink - Overqualified
TheDailyBlink  did another funny, and I decided that I like funny! 


 