Boubouille2011-01-07, 06:04 AMPatch 4.0.6 - PTR Notes Update
The Patch 4.0.6 PTR Notes  posted a few hours ago have been updated with a new wave of additions!
General

All guild banners now reward bonus reputation in addition to honor and experience.


Dungeons & Raids

Level 85 players can now choose any normal dungeon via the Dungeon Finder. Choosing Random Dungeon will still not add these lower-level dungeons into the rotation.


The Vortex Pinnacle

The wind direction and fun coefficient of the Cyclones that appear in Heroic difficulty during the Altairus encounter have improved clarity.


PvP
Strand of the Ancients

The Teleporters on defense will now teleport players based on which line of gates have been destroyed, rather than directly behind that gate. For example, if a player clicks the Teleporter at the Blue gate when one of the beach gates has been destroyed, it will put the player behind the Red gate.


Classes
 Paladin Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Inquisition  is no longer dispellable.
Rebuke  can now be trained by all paladins at level 54. Existing characters will need to visit their trainer, even if they had talented Rebuke before.


Holy

Denounce  now has a spell overlay.


Retribution

The Rebuke  talent has been replaced with a new passive talent, Sacred Shield. Paladins who had Rebuke before will automatically have Sacred Shield. Sacred When reduced below 30% health, paladins gain the Sacred Shield effect. The Sacred Shield absorbs X damage and increases healing received by 20%. Lasts 15 seconds. This effect cannot occur more than once every 30 seconds. Undispellable.
Zealotry  is no longer dispellable.


Bug Fixes

Word of Glory  will no longer reset the swing timer.


Professions
Archaeology

Archaeology fragments now have a hard cap of 200 per race. Players will not be able to collect additional fragments until they complete artifacts to take them down below 200 fragments. Players with more than 200 fragments will not lose additional fragments in 4.0.6, but in a future patch we may remove any fragments above 200.


Jewelcrafting

Meta gems with the Chaotic  and Relentless  prefixes now have a requirement of 3 red gems.
New meta gems have been added: Agile Shadowspirit Diamond Agility/3% critical damage, Reverberating Shadowspirit Diamond Strength/3% critical damage, and Burning Shadowspirit Diamond Intellect/3% critical damage. These new recipes are unbound and can drop from any Cataclysm creature. The new meta gems have a requirement of 3 red gems equipped.


Items

The cooldown on the Horde Battle Standard  has been adjusted to 10 minutes to be consistent with the Alliance version.


User Interface

Players can now individually remove raid world markers.
The Reputation Pane now saves which reputation categories are expanded or collapsed.


Character Info Window

The Haste display on the Character Info window C now shows the total haste percentage, rather than only haste from haste rating.


Unit Frames

Predicted healing previously only available for Raid Frames and raid-style Party Frames has been added to the following unit frames: Player Frame, Party Frame, Target Frame, Focus Frame.


Addon Changes

Canceling buffs are only restricted during combat.
The direction of spell flyouts are set via attribute.
Console commands have been added to the login screens: ExportInterfaceFiles art, ExportInterfaceFiles code.


Quests & Creatures
Tol Barad Peninsula

Quest turn-in NPCs have been added to Baradin Base Camp and Hellscream's Reach in Tol Barad Peninsula for the Tol Barad bonus quests. This will allow players to turn in these quests if the original quest givers in Tol Barad are not available.
Kill credit for the Tol Barad bonus quest bosses will now be granted to players who have helped attack them, even if they are not in the same group. These bosses include Problim, Archmage Galus, Warden Silva, and Svarnos.
The Farson Keep Prisoner summoned for the quest "Walk A Mile In Their Shoes"  will now only be visible to the player who summoned him.



Cataclysm Hotfixes - Updated Jan. 6
Here you will find a list of hotfixes that address various issues related to the release of patch 4.0.3a and World of Warcraft: Cataclysm. While many have already been deployed on all realms, some may not be implemented until the next time your realm is restarted. We will continue to update this thread in the days ahead as additional hotfixes are applied.

January 6

Classes
 Death Knight Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Ghouls do not gain Shadow Infusion when Death Coil is cast during the preparation phase of an Arena or rated Battleground match, making it impossible to use Dark Transformation before the game starts. Shadow Infusion and Dark Transformation both work normally after the preparation phase.


 Hunter Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Hunters can no longer sometimes activate multiple aspects at once through the use of Camouflage. Very sneaky.


 Paladin Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Paladins using Divine Shield are now able to cast on targets within the same Smoke Bomb effect area, as well as heal others.


 Priest Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Casting Flash Heal while under the effects of both Surge of Light and Inner Focus will now only consume Surge of Light.


 Warrior Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Warriors can no longer teleport when using Charge with the Tahret Dynasty Mallet.


Dungeons & Raids
The Bastion of Twilight

It is no longer possible to outrange the Halfus Wyrmbreaker drakes without being attacked by melee. The drakes now reposition themselves correctly in order to regain the capability to melee the target.
Twilight Phase-Twister's Twist Phase ability now has an initial cast delay of 7 seconds, up from 5, and a cast time of roughly 8 seconds, up from 6.


Blackrock Caverns

The Evolution aura during the Corla encounter now displays its warning visual on players at 74 stacks, instead of 82.


Deadmines

Shapeshifted characters should no longer be unable to jump on the rope during the Vanessa VanCleef encounter. They will now be pulled out of a shapeshift form automatically. In addition, players should no longer lose pets when jumping on the rope they will respawn when the player lands after swinging. Please note that until a client-side patch can be applied, an inappropriate aura will be displayed when pet classes or shapeshifted characters use the rope. The tooltip of this aura will read "Delicious Aura UNUSED REUSE / Instant / Delicious food increases haste by 10%" and can be disregarded, as it does not provide a haste buff. It's an aura of free word association... Enjoy!


Lost City of the Tol'vir

Tamed Tol'vir Prowlers now have regular loot and Skinning tables, instead of epic-quality loot.


Throne of the Four Winds

Al'akir's Static Shock now does 5,000 damage and only interrupts the spell the player is casting at that moment. It doesn't lock out the caster and only casts every 5 seconds or so.


Items

Darkmoon Card: Tsunami now properly procs Giant Wave when basic heal-over-time spells are cast.


Professions
Jewelcrafting

Shaman were unable to obtain Design: Figurine - Demon Panther from Neferset Looters. This has been corrected.


PvP
Strand of the Ancients

Demolishers now spawn at about the same moment that the boats reach the docks in the second round.


Tol Barad

If a player is already in Tol Barad and does not join the battle, the player will be ported back to the camp.
Using /afk ejects players out of the raid and back to the camp.
Entering Tol Barad via the bridge during an active battle by joining the queue will port the player to the correct starting place of the battle, but players who do not join the queue will be ported back to the camp.
Both the Hellscream's Reach Battle Standard and the Baradin's Wardens Battle Standard now have a 10-minute cooldown.


Quests & Creatures
Tol Barad

The spawn rates of all three Tol Barad quest micro dungeons have been adjusted to a more reasonable level. This should alleviate the issues players were having with creatures respawning too quickly.
The escorted Farson Keep Prisoner for the quest "Walk A Mile In Their Shoes" no longer engages in combat with opposing faction players.


Twilight Highlands

If reinforcements are not called after 60 seconds, Skullcrusher the Mountain will now despawn. When reinforcements are called, Skullcrusher no longer improperly despawns.


Uldum

The Ramkahen Guardians now correctly melee, throw nets to snare characters, and utilize knock-back shots with their bows when they are unable to path to the target.