Boubouille2011-01-13, 04:46 AMUpdate - Added a couple of blue posts at the bottom of the thread. 

Patch 4.0.6 PTR Notes Update - January 12
The patch notes for the upcoming Patch 4.0.6 have been updated once again! Check out the new changes below. If you're looking for a complete list of the changes, please check the Public Test Realm Patch 4.0.6 Notes - Updated Jan. 12 



 Public Test Realm Patch 4.0.6 Notes - Updated Jan. 12 
 Обновление 4.0.6 в тестовом игровом мире 
 Patch 4.0.6 auf den öffentlichen Testrealms 
 La mise à jour 4.0.6 débarque sur les royaumes publics de test 
 El parche 4.0.6 llega a los Reinos Públicos de Pruebas 


General

Human Illusion: This affect is no longer applied to worgen who travel into the Caverns of Time.


Guilds

We have redefined the definition of a Guild Group for 5-player dungeons.

If 3 out of 5 players in a group are members of the same guild, they will now be able to complete guild achievements and earn guild experience at 50% of the normal rate.
If 4 out of 5 players in a group are members of the same guild, they will now be able to complete guild achievements and earn guild experience at 100% of the normal rate.
If 5 out of 5 players in a group are members of the same guild, they will now be able to complete guild achievements and earn guild experience at 125% of the normal rate.
Also note that Heroic dungeons offer a 1.5x multiplier on all guild experience earned.



Dungeons & Raids
Blackwing Descent

The Dwarven Golem Council will now go berserk after 10 minutes in Heroic difficulty.
Atramedes will now go berserk after 10 minutes in Heroic difficulty.


Deadmines

Foe Reaper 5000's health has been reduced slightly. In addition, he now enrages at 40%, up from 30%.
While in Helix's Nightmare during the Vanessa VanCleef encounter, Helix is now larger a little easier to see.
The final rope swing while fighting Vanessa VanCleef has been removed. Players no longer need to swing off of the boat at the end of phase 3.
The ship teleporter now activates when Ripsnarl is first engaged, rather than when he is defeated.


Shadowfang Keep

Lord Godfrey should now face a random target when casting Pistol Barrage.


The Stonecore

Ozruk

He now does more melee damage.
There is now a precast visual on the ground to make it clear how far away a player must get to be clear of Shatter.
The cast time of Shatter has been increased to 3 seconds, up from 2.5.
Shatter damage is now reduced by armor, but has been increased by 33.3% repeating, of course as a result.



Throne of the Tides

Commander Ulthok now does more melee damage.
Gilgoblin Poisoned Spear impact damage has been reduced slightly.


PvP
Tol Barad

The weekly PvP quest "Victory in Tol Barad" now awards 200 Honor Points and 3 Tol Barad Commendations.
Players can now see the status of Tol Barad on the World Map no matter where they are. The time to the next battle is displayed by zooming into the Tol Barad section of the map. The current controlling faction can be seen on the Eastern Kingdoms map.


Classes
 Death Knight Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Death Coil  damage has been reduced by roughly 10%.


Blood

Heart Strike  now deals 175% weapon damage plus 15% per disease, up from 120% plus 10% per disease.
Improved Death Strike  now increases the damage of Death Strike by 30/60/90%, up from 15/30/45%.


Unholy

Dark Transformation  now increases pet damage by 80%, down from 100%.
The ratio of runic power return from Magic Suppression  has been reduced by roughly one third.
Rage of Rivendare  now increases strike damage by 12/24/36%, down from 15/30/45%.
Shadow Infusion  now increases pet damage by 8% per stack, down from 10%.


Glyphs

Glyph of Dark Succor new glyph raises the minimum healing done by Death Strike from 7% to 15% of maximum health, but only while in Unholy or Frost Presence.


 Druid Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Shapeshifts: Entering or leaving a shapeshift no longer cancels root effects. It continues to cancel movement slowing effects.


Balance

Typhoon  mana cost has been reduced by 50%.


Restoration

Tree of Life  Polymorph immunity change reverted


 Hunter Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Aimed Shot  weapon damage has been increased to 200%, up from 150%. In addition, the base cast time has been reduced to 2.4 seconds, down from 3.
Arcane Shot  damage has been increased by 15%.
Hunters can now use Auto Shot  while moving.
Cobra Shot  change reverted waiting on code change to make haste scaling more consistent with spell haste
Steady Shot  change reverted waiting on code change to make haste scaling more consistent with spell haste


Beast Mastery

Animal Handler  now provides a passive 25% bonus to attack power, up from 15%.


Marksmanship

Chimera Shot's  overall damage has been increased by roughly 50%.


Survival

Black Arrow  damage has been reduced by 15%. down from 25%
Explosive Shot  damage has been reduced by 15%. down from 25%
Serpent Spread  change reverted


 Mage Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Molten Armor , Frost Armor , and Mage Armor  no longer cost mana.
Mage Armor  now reduces the duration of magic effects by 35%, down from 50%.


 Paladin Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Retribution

Seals of Command  will no longer trigger twice on each swing with Seal of Truth 


 Priest Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Discipline

Improved Power Word: Shield  change reverted
Strength of Soul  now also causes the priest to become immune to silence, interrupt, and dispel effects for 2/4 seconds after using Inner Focus 


 Rogue Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Garrote  now costs 45 Energy, down from 50.


Combat

Blade Flurry  is now a toggle that can be turned off by pressing the button again.


Subtlety

Elusiveness  now reduces the cooldown of Cloak of Shadows  by 10/20 seconds, down from 15/30 seconds.


Glyphs

Glyph of Garrote now increases the duration of Garrote  by 1.5 seconds, down from 2.


 Shaman Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Flametongue Weapon  procs now deal roughly 20% less damage.
The Windfury Weapon  proc can now trigger 3 additional attacks, up from 2.


Elemental

Lava Burst's  damage has been increased by roughly 10%.


Restoration

Earth Shield  can no longer be dispelled.
Mana Tide Totem  has been redesigned. The totem no longer multiplies the Spirit of those affected by it. It instead gives a flat amount of Spirit equal to 400% of the casting shaman's Spirit, exclusive of short-term Spirit buffs affecting the shaman when the totem is dropped. In addition, its effects are now raid-wide.


Glyphs

Glyph of Hex now reduces the cooldown by 10 seconds, down from 15.


 Warrior Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Recklessness  now increases special critical strike chance by 50%, down from 100%, but lasts the full 12 seconds instead of allowing only 3 charges.
Slam  change reverted waiting on code change to make haste scaling more consistent with spell haste


Professions
Enchanting

Three new enchants are available. They increase Agility by 50, Strength by 50, or Intellect by 50 respectively. Item level 300 or higher required. These new recipes are rare world drops.
Enchant Off-Handed - Superior Intellect now increases Intellect by 40, down from 100.


Engineering

The Heat-Treated Spinning Lure buff duration has been increased to 15 minutes, up from 5. In addition, the recipe now creates 2 at a time.
Volatile Air now has an increased chance of dropping from rich mining nodes and Pyrite with the Electrostatic Condenser.


Tailoring

Illusionary Bag now has 26 slots.


Items

Daybreaker Helm stats have been reallocated, lowering Strength and increasing parry rating.



Blue Posts
Various classes boost/nerfs
We're currently in a position on the PTR where we can test and see how changes are affecting the various classes. We're still working to make changes that benefit the game without suddenly putting things into full tilt. The decisions being made are about what we see as being potentially more beneficial without being "too much". That includes whether or not the mana regen really matters in comparison to being able to do more healing etc. The question becomes, if you're able to put out a bit more healing for the mana cost than you were doing before, is the mana regen boost worth it or is it just adding "too much?"

As this is on the PTR currently, the answers will be found there with testing. I highly suggest loading it up and providing constructive feedback on your experiences there so that we can take a look at your experiences, match them with what others are experiencing, and then take a look at our own numbers and experiences to see where they line up or go off kilter.

We're still in the process of making changes and adjustments and will continue to do so even after it's live as necessary and really like getting the constructive feedback now while we can still make these adjustments. We may not always agree with you, but please don't doubt that we're not at least rolling the ideas and thoughts you all have around in our heads a bit before saying, "no." Source 

Haste affecting skills This change has been reverted in today's notes
It looks like the haste change either didn't make it into the PTR build or is bugged. Steady Shot, Cobra Shot and Slam don't appear to be affected by the haste change. Some hunters might be noticing more focus, but that's more than likely from the Hunting Party bug fix. We're still investigating.

To clarify on haste affecting SS and CS - - haste did lower their cast time before but it was a rather old implementation and although I don't know the technical reasons behind it there was a desire to update it. The designers wanted to change how Slam works with haste, and getting that code change from the programmers in turn allowed them to handle the hunter shots in a more elegant way as well. Ideally. In retrospect the changes probably shouldn't have even made the patch notes because it was a behind the scenes code change which happens all the time and not a meaningful redesign. On the other hand, it's likely some slight differences would be noticed in the shot behavior which might have had some impact on people's DPS and gearing. But, as I said, it's not working correctly and I'm not sure what the next steps are going to be. Whether the fix goes in or doesn't, the effect on SS and CS will be minimal-to-non-existent. Source 

Classes with too much AE Damage
Frost DKs and Demo Locks were definitely doing too much AE damage on fights. We knew once we got those under control that Serpent Spread might be next. AE abilities of every class were nerfed coming into Cataclysm, yet when some players compare their AE damage to that of DKs, locks, and hunters, they were left scratching their heads. We don’t think Serpent Spread is as big a problem as those other abilities, and if we over-nerfed it, then we’ll back those changes out. If you've actually tested the changes and have feedback we definitely welcome it, or even proper theorycrafting by those with an abacus and slide rule, but just seeing a patch note and commenting on it isn't very helpful for us to get good feedback passed along. Source 

 Hunter Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Survival Nerfs
The patch isn't finished. Our intent is to bring Survival DPS down to the level of some of the other dps specs while making Marks and BM more attractive in PvE. With pure DPS classes it is probably impossible to engineer a three-way tie on all encounters. However, we think we can make them close enough so that players can choose to play their favorite without feeling like they are a burden on the rest of the group.

For an overall approach, we made a few changes that will buff Survival, or even hunters in general. First, focus generation was lower as a result of a bug with haste buffs such as Hunting Party. We've fixed that bug, so focus generation will be higher now when that buff is present presumably all the time for Survival. Second, we made Steady Shot scale with haste, which will let hunters get more attacks in overall and have more focus with which to do so. These changes would have been a net buff for Survival without additional nerfs to compensate.

[...] Bottom line is that Survival does too much damage right now on live. The damage needs to come down. We'll be working to make sure the final numbers take into account all the other various changes that are going in to the patch to ensure it remains a viable spec, ensure the other two specs are competitively viable as well, and in-range of what we expect the damage output of the class to be relative to others. 

We're evaluating hunter DPS even now, and if it turns out the changes go too far we'll make adjustments. Source 

PvP changes
On PvP, we don't think high damage is the key to hunter success. The Deterrence and Master's Call changes are intended to help to that end and make some defensive mechanics a little less tricky to use. Again, we'll continue evaluating the changes. The patch isn't going live tomorrow. Source 

 Mage Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Frost "buff"
We did buff Frost Bolt. And we did buff Ice Lance when Fingers of Frost is up. However, we've decreased all Frost damage to Frozen targets by about 15% from previous values. The net result is intended to be that Frost Bolt is a little better against non-Frozen targets, and about the same versus Frozen targets. Ice Lance with FoF is still good, but Ice lance damage against Frozen targets is down a bit.

The intent isn't to nerf PvE frost at all, but instead reward Frost Bolt use in PvP a bit more, and reduce the damage and effectiveness of Ice Lance in PvP.

The important take away here is that datamined changes from pre-release builds and tests are not accurate ways for you to get information on intended game adjustments. Take it with a grain of salt, and approach it with a giant cup of curiosity. Source 

 Priest Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Sin and Punishment diminishing returns
Thanks for pointing this out, Ecnad. We're aware of the issue and will be hotfixing this bug with diminishing returns and Sin and Punishment in the near future. Source 

Lightwell / Priests Changes
This was, indeed, a correction to the tooltip and not a change to Lightwell. It has not been nerfed in the next patch and while there have been some changes done, they should predominantly result in better healing overall in relation to priests. To check out the hotfixes that were implemented prior to the PTR, you can see them here.  You'll notice Lightwell's health was boosted up by 50%.

The change we are making are a little bit like balancing scales. We trim a little on one side and add to the other. If you look through the PTR notes    closely, you'll see this within them.

Currently, Holy has a lot of mana on live, but to counter the change we're making to Prayer of Healing, we're buffing Circle of Healing. We’re making Chakra easier to use. We’re also giving you the option to make Prayer of Mending a little better. Holy on live is pretty strong overall.

As we said in the Wow, Dungeons are Hard blog,    any Holy priest with 1700 to 1800 Spirit shouldn’t have mana problems. If they do, something else is going on such as dps being too low or players taking too much avoidable damage. You can reach those numbers without ever stepping into a raid. Finish Twilight Highlands. Get the Cord of the Raven Queen epic belt from being Exalted with the Guardians of Hyjal – you’ll be Revered just by completing the Hyjal quests. Max out your Tailoring and make yourself some better gear or just buy some from another player. Get the Mandala of Stirring Patterns trinket from Tol Barad the quest area – it doesn’t require setting foot in the PvP area. Look for Sprit enchants. Reforging is your friend. Reforge everything to Spirit until you feel that you won’t run out of mana.

Keep in mind, you're not alone in the dungeon and the dps and tanks also need to take responsibility for what they are doing and how much of your mana they are requiring you to use. You also don't need to keep everyone topped off. You just need to anticipate the damage and adjust accordingly.

We want people to pick and choose the spells and abilities they need to use in correlation to the events going on in the game. If someone still has Prayer of Mending on them and they haven't taken damage yet, do you need to recast it? Does someone need a shield or renew vs. a full heal? Can you use something else in your bag of tricks that you normally would just bypass as "useless" that would instead by useful in a certain situation? Can you use binding heal? You may just need to cast a high expense spell to get the job done, but if you have the mana to do so, why not? Those spells are meant to have use.

I've also looked into Discipline in light of the change to Prayer of Healing. In general, there shouldn't be a time that there is so much AoE damage that everyone is going to need it immediately. Raids may be a little different, but you should have plenty of support from other healers as well at that point.

The cost of shield may have gone up, but so has the damage mitigation for it, though in light of Cataclysm, damage mitigation isn't all a Discipline priest needs to do anymore. They need to be in there, mixing it up and healing versus just using a few spells. Don't forget you also have Power Word:Barrier if you can convince people not to run away from the glow y dome of goodness.

Divine Aegis was also buffed a bit and with Inner Fire should help with Prayer of Healing.

Keep in mind, this is just a short list of changes, and the rest can be found on the PTR notes and more are being added practically daily at this point. Changes are still ongoing as well. Continuing to provide constructive feedback on these changes and how you've been experiencing them for those that go on the PTR is always very helpful. Source 



Cataclysm LP Now Available on iTunes
Want to bring the music from the latest World of Warcraft expansion with you anywhere you go? The World of Warcraft: Cataclysm soundtrack is now available as an iTunes LP from the iTunes Store, featuring 17 eminently epic tracks as well as special bonus content including artwork, liner notes, and behind-the-scenes interviews. If you previously purchased a copy of the Cataclysm soundtrack album from iTunes prior to the release of this special LP version, don't worry -- you'll be able to receive the bonus content at no additional charge.

For more information or to purchase the Cataclysm soundtrack LP, visit the iTunes Store 