Boubouille2011-01-22, 12:33 PMAl'akir Heroic 10 World First Kill by Dream
Dream@TW-Silverwing Hold killed the 10-Man heroic version of Al'akir in Heroic Mode a few hours ago. Al'akir was the last boss undefeated in Cataclysm and we can now say that players went through all the raid content of the expansion! 

I have no idea what their website is, so I'll just redirect you to the thread on our forums  Congratulations to them!


 


Guild Reputation changes
I talked with the designers late last night and early this morning on the rep system. There are some improvements being discussed but any changes made would at the earliest, be seen in the first major content patch, if not after. For that reason they aren't changes we're willing to yet discuss as they haven't been implemented, but there is some agreement that additional ways to earn rep, as well as help for PvP'ers and PvP guilds is in order.

Future improvements aside, one basic point we kept coming back to while discussing it was the nature of the system, and the intent and vision for how it should be a part of someone's play time when they log in. First and foremost it is not a system we want to encourage people to grind out by making certain activities either give rep, or give more of it. We realize that this is contrary to what is possible for most NPC rep factions, but this isn't an NPC rep, and it's deliberately different. Secondly, and most importantly, we are ok with this continuing to be a very slow moving rep that you can't quickly progress. These are bonuses, and not requirements to ensure a fun or properly progressing gameplay experience. The gain of guild rep is something that is intended to happen slowly over time, and not something you can focus your efforts on to push toward the cap as quick as possible. Obviously there are ways to make it quicker, and actions you can take to try to build it up, but as many of you are aware they still aren't always extremely lucrative. This is intentional.

To reiterate my first paragraph, we do have some improvements planned in the way of adding or improving the way rep is gained in certain situations. We do not however feel the system is performing beneath or beyond the intent and design, and are mostly happy with the rate in which it's being gained. Slowly but surely. 


Lunar Festival is Nigh
Lunar Festival starts during the week-end and I will update if there is anything new. 



Lunar Festival  on Wowpedia 
Lunar Festival Elders  on Wowpedia 


“Every year the druids of Moonglade hold a celebration of their city’s great triumph over an ancient evil. During the Lunar Festival, citizens of Azeroth have the opportunity to honor their elders by celebrating their sage wisdom, sharing in magnificent feasts, and of course…shooting fireworks!”

Join in the celebration as Lunar Festival kicks off not with a whimper, but with a BANG on Sunday, January 23. Seek out the elders throughout Azeroth and receive their wisdom... as well as a token of their gratitude. Gather these Ancient Coins to purchase festive attire or the recipes to craft outfits of your own. 

It’s not all fireworks and dancing in the moonlight, however. Omen, defeated so many centuries ago, yet remains in Lake Elune'ara. Although driven insane by the Burning Legion, the demi-god still possesses Elune's blessing and is, hence, immortal. During the Lunar Festival, he stirs... and heroes of the land are called to defeat him once again.

Festivities end Saturday, February 12.


Blue Posts
Just hit the ilvl for heroics today!
I believe that this is very much at the heart of the issue, and I hope that you'll reconsider your stance.

Essentially, while you may have crossed the barrier that kept you from entering a heroic instance, that doesn't necessarily mean that your character is quite ready for those encounters until you've accrued more gear. It might be easier to view the minimum item level as a way of preventing those who have little hope of success from queuing, rather than carte blanche for assured victory once you hit the threshold.

If you're willing, you might find it beneficial to spend a little bit more time in regular dungeons, as well as acquiring reputation items or crafted gear, before you pass final judgment on whether healing is the right path for you in Cataclysm. After you're wearing gear that's a bit more appropriate to the challenge that the content presents, you might even find it fun. Source 

This just proves what most of us have been saying all along; Either Heroics need to be easier or that cap needs to be pushed way up.
Like I said, the cap exists to prevent those with little hope of success from entering heroic instances - not to prevent anyone who might not be ready from facing them. Players with appropriate gear who meet the minimum requirements do have the capability to succeed, though that success might not come easily. For those who are having a frustrating experience, I don't think it's untoward to counsel gear. Gearing up a bit more before tackling heroics is probably a good bet, as it stands to help make their time in those instances more enjoyable. Source 

Healing "nerf" in Cataclysm
Healing was so good, and so efficient, toward the end of Wrath of the Lich King that healing wasn't a challenge for a geared player. Healers were able to make up for any number of mistakes made by their group, and almost never ran out of mana.

That isn't a direction that we are comfortable continuing in since it obviated choices in the healing process, allowed players to effectively ignore encounter mechanics and, dare I say it, minimized skill as a component in healing.

While there may be opposing perceptions of the results, I don't think it's laziness by anyone's standards to put thought, care and work into tuning a game to create a challenging but 'winnable' experience. I believe it would have been laziness to maintain the status quo. Source 