Boubouille2011-01-24, 08:52 PMPTR 4.0.6 Patch Notes - January 24 Update
The PTR Patch 4.0.6 Patch Notes  have been updated once again with a couple of interesting changes to dungeons and classes.

Guilds

The guild reward Armadillo Pup  now requires revered faction instead of exalted.
The guild faction requirement on the Guild Herald  has been lowered to Revered reputation.


Dungeons & Raids

Level-85 dungeon bosses in Lost City of the Tol'Vir, Grim Batol, and Halls of Origination now drop 30 Justice Points each when killed.
The daily Random Dungeon reward on normal difficulty has been increased to 140 Justice Points, up from 70.
Players no longer need to discover Cataclysm dungeon entrances in order to access them via the Dungeon Finder.


 Druid Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Rejuvenation  is now trained at level 3, down from level 8. In addition, its mana cost is now 20% of base mana.


Balance

Moonkin Form  now grants 15% damage reduction instead of increased armor. In addition, shapeshifting in or out of this form now breaks roots. Note this is not stated in the tooltip.


Feral

Blood in the Water  Timing on this effect has been improved so that Ferocious Bite  will immediately refresh Rip , rather than be slightly delayed which gave a chance for the Rip to expire despite being refreshed.


 Paladin Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Divine Light  mana cost has been increased by approximately 10%.
Flash of Light  mana cost has been increased by approximately 10%.
Holy Light  mana cost has been increased by approximately 10%.
Lay on Hands  now causes Forbearance  on the target. It used to only cause it when cast on the paladin. This was an old design from when Divine Protection  caused Forbearance and the paladin didn't want to prevent a tank from using their defensive cooldown.
Lay on Hands cannot be a critical effect and will not be affected by most abilities which modify healing such as Beacon of Light  In addition, Lay on Hands is no longer on the global cooldown.


Holy

Aura Mastery  This ability no longer increases the benefit granted by Crusader Aura 


Protection

Eternal Glory  The chance to not consume Holy Power from this talent now also applies to not consuming the clearcasting effect generated by Divine Purpose 


 Priest Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Mind Blast  now does 18% more damage than Mind Spike 


 Rogue Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Combat

Blade Flurry  is now a toggle that can be turned off by pressing the button again. In addition, this ability no longer has a fixed duration, but will go on cooldown for 10 seconds after being canceled similar to Stealth  In addition, Blade Flurry now reduces energy generation by 30% while active, up from 20%.


 Shaman Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Healing Rain  now has a 40-yard radius, up from 30, to be consistent with other shaman heals.


Elemental

Elemental Overload  Mastery procs of Lightning Bolt  or Chain Lightning  can now generate Rolling Thunder  charges.


 Warlock Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Devour  Felhunter cooldown has been increased to 20 seconds, up from 8. Devour is no longer able to be auto-cast.


Affliction

Soul Swap  can no longer be dispelled the aura given to the warlock between swapping.


 Warrior Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Fury

Single-Minded Fury  bonus has been increased to 20%, up from 15%.


Items

The PvP Balance druid 4-piece set bonus effect  has been increased to 20 Solar Energy and 13 Lunar Energy, up from 5 and 13. The effect will also now be more intelligent at choosing whether to give the druid Lunar or Solar Energy it checks the Balance Power to determine which to give depending on which energy is higher at the time.


Quests & Creatures
Tol Barad

Rusty Rifles will now spawn more frequently at Farson Keep.
Players should now always receive 6 daily quests in Tol Barad Peninsula as intended, rather than sometimes only getting 5.