Boubouille2011-01-27, 08:32 PMUpdate - Added Blue Posts and a nice wallpaper!

Patch 4.0.6 PTR Build 13580
Another build will be deployed on test realms tonight, I'm sure you will all understand that the impressively short list of changes means that we're closer to the live release of the patch now. 

Achievements Changes
Player vs. Player

Master of Tol Barad  no longer requires For Whom The Barad Tols 



Item Changes
Mail

Feludius' Mantle  now has +154 Spirit, up from 144 and +164 Critical strike rating, up from 154. 
Feludius' Mantle  now has +176 Spirit, up from 166 and +186 Critical strike rating, up from 176. 


Plate

Earthen Handguards  now has +253 Strength, up from 193.
Earthen Handguards  now has +286 Strength, up from 217.



Spell Changes
 Hunter Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Pet Abilities

Spore Cloud Sporebat  now has a 8 sec cooldown, down from 12 sec. Now reduces the casting speed of all enemy targets within 6 yards by 30% for 10 sec, up from 25% for 9 sec. 


 Mage Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Fire

Fireball  now costs 9% of base mana, down from 12%.
Frostfire Bolt  now costs 9% of base mana, down from 16%.


 Warlock Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Pet Abilities

Devour Magic  now has a 15 sec cooldown, down from 25 sec.



Core Hound Pup Adoption Campaign
If your account is protected by a Battle.net Authenticator or the Battle.net Mobile Authenticator, then you already know how safe and secure your Core Hound Pup pet can make you feel. But there are plenty of players out there who can still benefit from the companionship and peace of mind that our infernal puppy provides.

We're kicking off a Core Hound Pup adoption campaign and we need your help! Simply send us funny, cute, or just plain epic screenshots featuring your fiery two-headed buddy. We'll be picking two of the most memorable images each month in 2011 and awarding the winners with a brand new iPad.

If you have yet to adopt a Core Hound Pup of your very own, then don't wait a moment longer, or we just might have to give you the big puppy-dog eyes. Visit our account security site to learn how to get a Battle.net Authenticator or download the Battle.net Mobile Authenticator, available through our mobile apps page or as a free download from the Apple App Store or the Android Market.

Adopt a puppy! Protect your loots! Win an iPad! Read the contest rules for details and eligibility requirements, and happy screenshotting!


Blue Posts
Tol Barad faction balance "exploit"
It doesn't actually work. The balance of factions is not dependant on if you’re in a raid or not. It's a mis-perception based on the inability to see the opposing team's numbers. What’s happening is that you can leave a raid, remain in Tol Barad, and because your old raid may pick up an additional player from the queue there’s an assumption that your side is getting more players. In fact the other side is keeping up and also getting additional players. We’ve verified across a number of realms that faction balance remains equal, even in cases where we found people actively attempting to use this to outnumber the opposing team. They weren't.

We keep a close eye on Tol Barad faction balance and turnover. Source 

Dungeon & Raids Changes in 4.0.6
Granted those 80 or so lines of changes may not all be difficulty adjustments, but the majority of them will help in some way. You could argue that they're not the right changes, or not enough, and I could counter argue that they are, and you should try it first. But, what I don't believe you can accuse us of is sticking our fingers in our ears and ignoring anything. Not jumping to implement every request, yes, making measured approaches to alterations, yes, a slow decrease in content difficulty over time, yes indeed. Source 

PvP Set Bonus Nerf in 4.0.6
Right now some hybrid classes benefit from wearing a pair of 2 piece set bonuses in PvP instead of their 4 piece bonus. We don't much like that behavior though, and we're going to eventually make the two bonuses exclusive so you can only ever have one 2 piece bonus at a time. We're not going to make that change in 4.0.6 as we realize some people have spent a lot of points to buy into the double-2 piece bonuses. However, it is likely we'll make the change at the start of the next PvP season. Source 

Arena 2200 Weapons Delay
Sometimes, you have to make an unpopular decision, and you take a lot of heat for it. I understand that you guys aren't happy, and I'm sorry about that.

With regard to the weapon delay, as with any change which affects your gameplay, we always prefer to provide advance notice whenever possible, but in some situations it isn't an option. Unfortunately, this was one of those cases.

Some of you may recall that there were times in the past when it was common for the Arenas to be flooded by geared raiders actively engaging in arena matches exclusively to acquire weapons for the sake of defeating PvE content. That's not the intended design for arena rewards that they be part of PvE progression, and that was a situation that we were hoping to avoid now. Raid content is very challenging currently, and as a direct result, there are fewer top tier weapons floating around. What we didn't want was a 'gold rush' on arenas, which would diffuse the competitive space there as well as give PvE focused players an undue advantage for raid content.

Ultimately, what we really want is parity in the availability of top end PvP and PvE weaponry. We want to see top end PvP and PvE items filtering into the player community at roughly the same time. This delay is an effort to achieve that aforementioned parity in this case. Source 

Tabard Storage
We have a variety of things that we want to do as part of ongoing development for World of Warcraft, and a storage solution for tabards is just one of them. We understand that many of you care about this kind of feature, so we want to make sure that whatever we come up with is not only in line with our design goals both in the short- and long-term, but is also appealing to you. We know that you have a lot of ideas on how this may be accomplished, so we're going to be keeping an eye on your discussions in the meantime. We may ask questions or point out potential concerns along the way, but don't let that discourage you; we love that you're being open with us and want you to keep sharing your thoughts and criticisms -- constructively, of course. : Source 

More Bank Slots?
We're not aware of any current plans to increase bank slots. The only thing that comes to mind is pretty much what other players have already pointed out -- bigger bags. With that in mind, you might have noted that in patch 4.0.6 the Illusionary Bag is being increased to 26 slots. I know you're saying that won't help you much though, but it can't hurt to mention it for others who might not be in quite as dire a situation storage-wise as you are. Source 


New Wallpaper
A new wallpaper has been added to the official Wallpaper Gallery 


 