Boubouille2011-02-10, 06:16 AMPatch 4.0.6 Hotfixes - February 9
February 9
Classes

Haste is again properly increasing resource regeneration rates for applicable melee classes. This fix will require a realm restart to take effect. More information regarding the series of changes pertaining to this issue can be found on our General Discussion forum.


 Death Knight Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

The root that the Frost talent Chilblains  gives to Chains of Ice  is now properly affected by diminishing returns and shares diminishing returns with other root effects.
Dark Transformation  now increases pet damage by 60%, down from 80%.
Death Coil  damage has been reduced by 15%.
The pet damage bonus from Shadow Infusion  is now 6% per stack, down from 8%.


 Priest Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Holy Word: Serenity  is correctly granting Binding Heal  an extra 25% chance to critically hit.
Inner Focus  now appropriately increases the critical heal chance of Flash Heal , Binding Heal , Greater Heal , and Prayer of Healing 


Dungeons & Raids

Bouquet of Ebon Roses  and Bouquet of Red Roses  Love Is in the Air now properly drop from Cataclysm dungeons.


The Bastion of Twilight

Players are no longer instantly killed when auras are removed after defeating Cho'gall.
Players affected by Conversion during the Cho'gall encounter will gain the correct amount of Corrupted Blood, and the Corrupted Blood mechanics correctly trigger at the appropriate times.
Burning Twilight is now bound to the raid dungeon and cannot be taken outside of the instance to affect other players.


Blackwing Descent

Chimaeron no longer casts Caustic Slime on targets who are affected by Break. Chimaeron now casts Caustic Slime on a tank target if there are not enough players present without Break.


Deadmines

Players should no longer get disconnected when dying in the Vanessa Vancleef encounter on Heroic difficulty.


Shadowfang Keep

Deathstalker Adamant and Sorcerer Ashcrombe now have a gossip option for their respective factions to open the courtyard door while the Love is in the Air event is active.


Items

Talismans of the Horde  and Alliance  are properly only available for purchase from their respective factions.


Professions

Orgrimmar and Stormwind Cooking and Fishing daily quests are again granting the proper skill-ups when turned in.



Haste Issue Causing Ability Errors - Update#2
The Haste issue was hotfixed last night but unfortunately as all hotfixes are quick fixes on the live realms, there is some risk associated with them and a new bug has been introduced. We believe the extent is that rogues, druids, death knights, and hunters are now not earning resources from true haste such as from gear. We expect to implement a fix late tonight or early tomorrow. Our apologies for any impact this may have on your regularly scheduled play. 

[...] A hotfix for this issue has been applied but will require off-peak rolling restarts to pick up the change.


Transmute: Living Elements changes in 4.0.6
I wanted to hop in and clarify and confirm there was in fact a change that was implemented with the patch that unfortunately did not make the patch notes.

The change actually adjusted the return on the transmutes so that you weren't getting spikes in the amount of items you'd get from the transmute. Instead, if you transmute over a period of time, the amount of the transmute return should even out.

So basically if you transmute on a regular basis, you should see a more regular return on the transmute vs. a spike in large returns. Transmutation specialists will almost always get a PROC when transmuting living elements. 


Druids Tanking Bug
After the designers looked into this issue more, there appears to be a pretty complex series of bugs that may have led to where we are now. I'll do my best to explain.

Early on in Cataclysm, it was concluded that druid tanks took too much damage and we deployed a hotfix to buff their armor through Thick Hide. Originally, we had thought that 4.0.6 was just updating the Thick Hide tooltip as well as the armor display on the character sheet for the earlier hotfix, but we think now that the armor buff itself was actually correctly applied with 4.0.6, and the previous hotfix had never taken hold properly.

The reason we missed this is because there is no easy way to know what your armor actually is when you can’t trust the tooltip – you have to have things beat on you and see how much damage you take. This test was tainted by a second bug however, where some druid characters were invisibly retaining the 12% damage reduction benefit of the obsolete Protector of the Pack talent. Even though we removed that talent, its effects were still benefitting some characters, and we didn't know who or how many. Again, there is no easy way to know if your druid was affected without a lot of testing. We knew about the Protector of the Pack bug but were hesitant to try and mess with it too much via hotfix since bear survivability was where we wanted it to be for those characters and we didn’t want to risk making anything worse. In any event, those characters appeared to be taking the correct amount of damage, so we thought the Thick Hide hotfix was successful. In reality, we think we were seeing the Protector of the Pack damage reduction and not the Thick Hide armor buff.

We believe the 4.0.6 patch finally removed the Protector of the Pack effects while finally getting the Thick Hide buff applied. Characters who had the Protector of the Pack benefit won’t see their survivability change much they lost damage reduction while gaining armor, while characters who lacked that talent will see their survivability improve they gained a lot of armor. The good news is that current bear survivability in 4.0.6 appears to be where we want it to be for everyone.

We’re still not 100% sure that the above explanation is what happened, but it seems consistent with our observations. Again, as of 4.0.6, bear armor should now be correct. 


Celebrating 20 Years of Blizzard Entertainment
In 1991, three young UCLA graduates decided to start their own game company. Their goal: make cool games and have fun doing so. Twenty years later, their fledgling studio has grown into a major game developer and publisher that entertains millions of players around the world.

Join us on our new 20th anniversary mini-site  as we celebrate two decades worth of games and the community of players who made it all possible through their passion, enthusiasm, and support.


Blue Posts
Another Day in Tol Barad in 4.0.6
Completing some daily quests again isn't a really big task for players who like to get achievements. 

Most of the time, this is accurate. However, some realms do not exchange Tol Barad very often, which makes this achievement much more difficult. Feathermoon went weeks and weeks without the Alliance having access to the daily quests.
We made some adjustments to Tol Barad in the patch that should help it flip more often. We are continuing to monitor it and we'll see how it goes. I know it has already been changing a lot more on my realm. Source 

[...] This achievement is pretty minor and not the kind that people will really gloat over having first, so you can take your time with it and just check in every so often to see if the quests you need are available. 

We don't really like having to put players in this type of situation, but having the achievement makes more sense in the long run and we think it's more fun to have it than to not. Some people are making this out to be insulting and along the lines of something game-breaking and I disagree. Source 

Retroactive Achievements
Retroactive achievements are actually tricky as we need some sort of guarantee that isn't always easy to track. There were a lot of complaints about people not getting their achievement retroactively when WotLK came out as there were only so many ways for us to determine it. For something like this, it isn't really worth spending the time to try and figure out a way to track it when it doesn't take a lot of commitment to do again. Since you said you weren't planning to do the quests now that you are exalted, all you have to do is keep an eye out for the ones you haven't done so it will take less and less time as you get closer to the end. Source 

No talent tree reset in 4.0.6?
Correct, talent point wipes are only done as a very last resort in cases where not resetting them would actually 'break' a talent tree due to the changes made. They are not provided as a convenience when talent changes occur. If the points spent still work and add up correctly, then it is up to the individual player to decide if they want to pay to respec to fine tune their build to adapt to any changes post-patch. 

[...] Blanket talent respecs are actually very disruptive. The least of which is probably not the thousands of in-game petitions from people asking where their abilities went, asking for spec advice, reporting bugs that they can't cast X anymore, etc. thereby raising reply times for the issue you may actually need help with For realzies. And, speccing characters is not as easy and straight forward as many might think it is. Logging in to find that your character has no talents and you must then spend time researching and reading what changes were made in the most recent patch and how to spec can be something that makes plenty of people just say 'never mind' and log out. Not a very fun experience. Anyway, it's a last resort for a number of reasons. Source 

Cataclysm Battle Chest
At some point after Wrath came out we released the battle chest with both the original game and BC for a lower price point than buying them together. We haven't made any announcements regarding future product 'packages' but it's not out of the question. Thanks to everyone that added a calm and rational discussion to the thread. I think everything that can be said has been, though. Source 

Change to "The Exalted" title in 4.0.6
We think "the Exalted" is a really awesome title. With Cataclysm we added a bunch of new reps though, and we want the title to keep pace so that it's always representative of someone that's obtained a considerable number of exalted reputations throughout the life of the game, even as we add more.

We did consider offering multiple titles for the various tiers, but "the Exalted" fits so perfectly and we wanted to avoid a potentially infinite string of titles like "the Fairly Exalted", "the Nigh Exalted", "the Mostly Exalted", etc. We also considered grandfathering in those who had already earned it but think that this title can be a unique testament to the continued efforts of reputation hunters and keep the same value as we introduce more reps and push the requirements up to match.

It's different than every other rep in the way we're raising it with a new bar to meet, and I do apologize that it wasn't communicated clearly beforehand that it was going to be functioning this way. Source 

 Paladin Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Crusader Strike not generating Holy Power on dodge/parry/miss
Missing attacks should not generate Holy Power. We generally don’t reward characters for failing to land attacks. Retribution paladins can improve their hit or expertise like other melee DPS specs do. Tanks don’t generally stack a lot of hit or expertise, but we think Protection paladins will still be able to tank just fine. Prot warriors for example miss Shield Slams. Source 

 Shaman Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Mastery Procs and Rolling Thunder
This is a bug. Mastery procs should cause Rolling Thunder chargers. We're going to investigate its hotfix-ability. Source 


Fan Art
The Blizzard Fan Art Section  has been updated with eight new pieces of fan artwork set within the Warcraft universe.


       
       