Boubouille2011-02-09, 05:04 AMHaste Issue Causing Ability Errors
An apparent last-minute bug which was not found on the PTR before the patch was finalized has caused the client and server to disagree on the way haste affects resource generation. This bug will manifest itself in the UI showing a player they have enough resources to use an ability, but the server correctly prevents it as they in fact do not. A death knight for example might see a rune light up that isn’t actually available so when they use the ability, it won’t fire. A rogue may think they have enough energy to use Sinister Strike, but they can’t actually afford it so when they push the button, they will get an error. This bug could affect rogues, death knights, hunters and Feral druids, because these characters all gain more resources from haste. It will also affect buffs that affect attack speed, such as Slice and Dice, Windfury, Icy Talons, and Hunting Party, but also attack speed lowering effects like Thunder Clap. We're currently working on a fix. 


Patch 4.0.6 Notes Update
Blizzard added a couple of notes after the release of the retail patch notes, let's call it the "ahah! I'm in your raid nerfing your bosses!" update. 
Achievements

Two new achievements have been added for earning exalted reputation with 45 and 50 factions respectively. The title The Exalted is now awarded for earning exalted reputation with 50 factions, up from 40.
A new achievement, Just Another Day in Tol Barad , has been added for completing all of the Tol Barad daily quests.
Achievement Bug Fixes

Players should correctly receive the achievement Faster Than the Speed of Light  of Origination if they die prior to the party meeting the criteria.
The achievement criteria for Prototype Prodigy  Deadmines correctly resets after a wipe.



 Mage Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Mage Bug Fixes

The Hurricane weapon  enchant should no longer proc when Polymorph  is cast.


 Paladin Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Paladin Bug Fixes

Crusader Strike , Holy Shock , and Hammer of the Righteous  no longer incorrectly grant Holy Power  from a missed attack.


 Priest Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Talent Specializations
Discpline

Grace  is no longer limited to one target at a time.


Dungeons & Raids
The Bastion of Twilight

Ascendant Council

The Elementium Monstrosity can be attacked from farther away than was previously the case.
The damage dealt by Liquid Ice has been increased significantly.
The damage dealt by Electric Instability on normal difficulty has been reduced slightly.
Immunity effects will no longer cancel Gravity Crush.
Gravity Crush no longer hits additional targets on Heroic difficulty.
Frozen Orbs now despawn at the start of phase 3 on Heroic difficulty.

Cho'gall

The recast time on Depravity has been increased in 10-player mode.

Halfus Wyrmbreaker

Shadow Nova is now cast less frequently in 10-player modes to account for fewer available interrupts there.
The captured drakes in this encounter now apply Dragon's Vengeance when they are killed instead of when they are freed. To account for this change, the health and damage of the drakes has been reduced, and the damage bonus gained from Dragon's Vengeance has been increased.

Valiona and Theralion

Immunities no longer port players out of the Twilight Realm.
The damage dealt by Twilight Sentries on Heroic difficulty has been reduced.



Blackwing Descent

Atramedes will now go berserk after 10 minutes on Heroic difficulty.
Magmaw

Blazing Bone Constructs on Heroic difficulty no longer drop fire periodically.
Blazing Bone Constructs on Heroic difficulty have had their health reduced.
Magmaw's health on Heroic difficulty has been reduced.

Maloriak

Increased the cast time of Release Aberrations.
Heroic: Decreased the health of the Vile Swill by 15%.
Heroic: Dark Sludge can now only target players.

Nefarian

The Chromatic Prototypes featured in the second phase of this encounter now wait longer before casting their first Blast Nova.
The Stolen Power enhancement gained in Heroic difficultydifficulties now increases all damage and healing for a set time, but each attack is increased by a smaller amount. This change will not be reflected in the tooltip until a later patch.
Freeing one's mind from Dominion now grants a movement speed bonus for a short time.

Omnotron Defense System

There is now a 10-minute berserk timer on Heroic difficulty.
Golem health has been reduced on Heroic difficulty.
The damage dealt by Incineration Security Measure has been reduced.



Throne of the Four Winds

Al’ Akir

Al'Akir's Electrocute can no longer be interrupted by Spell Reflection.

Conclave of Wind

Heroic: Slicing Gale debuff reduced from 10% per stack to 5%.
The duration of the Wind Blast pre-effect has been increased to 5 seconds, up from 3.



The Deadmines

Fixed a bug where players would sometimes have mounting issues after engaging Helix Gearbreaker in any incarnation.


Throne of the Tides

Poisoned Spear: The impact of this damage has been reduced.


Professions
Inscription

Ink Traders have been added to Orgrimmar and Stormwind.




Patch 4.0.6 Hotfixes
Additionally, some hotfixes were just applied to Live servers!
General

Escape Artist  again correctly removes movement impairing effects.
Players who have used the Paid Race Change service to transfer to a goblin or worgen character post-patch 4.0.6 can properly use the Dungeon Finder again.
Love Is in the Air has been extended by 48 hours. The in-game Calendar should now reflect it runs through February 20.


 Druid Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Disentanglement  new passive specialization is now properly functioning for Restoration druids, allowing them to get out of root effects by using Shapeshift. Logging out or changing zones no longer causes the spell to be unlearned.
Attempting to use Warstomp while in Tree of Life  form returns a "You can't do that yet" error and does not cast the spell.


 Mage Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Rank 2 of Fingers of Frost  now has the correct proc chance.


 Shaman Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Elemental Overload  Mastery procs of Lightning Bolt  or Chain Lightning  correctly generate Rolling Thunder  charges.
Stormstrike  is now correctly proccing Maelstrom Weapon 


 Warlock Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Refreshing Immolate  with Hand of Gul'dan  is now correctly augmented by the Inferno  talent, refreshing Immolate to a 21-second duration instead of 15.


Dungeons & Raids

Blackwing Descent

Maloriak's Aberrations should correctly spawn even if Vile Swills are still alive from the previous phase.

Shadowfang Keep

Lord Walden again correctly uses Ice Shards and Toxic Catalyst.

Throne of the Four Winds

Conclave of Wind bosses now correctly regenerate health out of combat.



Items

The Fire-Etched Dagger  swing speed was too slow and has been updated. The tooltip will not reflect the updated time of 1.7 seconds until a client-side patch can be applied.
Heroic  and normal  versions of Magma Plated Handguards did not have enough Strength and have been updated.
Heroic  and normal  version of Sapphirium Handguards did not have enough Strength and have been updated.