Boubouille2011-02-11, 01:18 PMUpdate - Blizzard slightly updated these notes with more changes, the new lines have been highlighted in green. 

Patch 4.0.6 Hotfixes and 4.0.6a Changes - Feb. 11
Here you'll find a list of hotfixes that address various issues related to the recently released World of Warcraft: Cataclysm patch 4.0.6. Hotfixes are updates we make on our end without requiring you to download a new patch. Some of the hotfixes below will go live the moment they are implemented, while others may require your realm to be restarted to go into effect. Please keep in mind that some issues cannot be addressed without a client-side patch update. We will continue to update this thread in the days ahead as additional hotfixes are applied. Visit our Bug Report forum for a list of 4.0.6 known issues.

February 11 Patch 4.0.6a

General

Players are no longer encountering errors when having their items bid on in the Auction House. The Auctions tab also updates appropriately reflecting the bid.


Classes

Area-of-effect abilities such as Consecration , Efflorescence , Healing Rain , Holy Word: Sanctuary , Ring of Frost , and Smoke Bomb  now function correctly when cast on any trapdoors ala Cho'gall or transports even while the caster is not standing on one of those same objects.


 Death Knight Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Death's Advance  may now not allow movement-impairing effects to reduce the death knight below 60/75% of normal movement speed, down from 75/100%.
Death and Decay  no longer damages the death knight's currently selected friendly target when it does damage to nearby target dummies.


 Druid Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Starfall  no longer exceeds 20 stars within its duration.
Mangle Bear  and Maul Bear  damage has been increased by approximately 10%.
Frost Nova , Tranquility , War Stomp , and Starfire  are all properly scaled when used by or on a druid in Tree of Life form  The previous temporary hotfix which removed the ability to use War Stomp while in Tree of Life form has been reverted.


 Hunter Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Auto Shot  was not firing while the hunter was moving under certain conditions. Auto Shot should now always function correctly while the hunter is moving.
Having a melee weapon equipped no longer causes the tooltips for Cobra Shot  and Steady Shot  to incorrectly display extra benefit from haste.
The cooldown for Master's Call  has been increased to 45 seconds, up from 35. In addition, it can now be dispelled.
The Warp Stalker ability Time Warp  can no longer be used on paladins with the Divine Shield  buff active.


 Mage Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

The Quad Core  buff provided by the Sanctified Bloodmage 4-piece set bonus is now properly removed as soon as a spell is cast if the mage does not have 4 pieces of the set equipped.


 Paladin Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Glyph of Dazing Shield  correctly causes Avenger's Shield  to daze the target, and only allows Avenger's Shield to trigger the dazed effect.
The area-of-effect attack of Hammer of the Righteous  no longer has a chance to miss secondary targets when the primary attack hits the paladin's target. If the primary attack of Hammer of the Righteous fails to hit the target due to miss/dodge/parry/block, no enemies will be affected by the area-of-effect attack. Rogues who are under Cloak of Shadows , however, are able to resist this damage.
The Warp Stalker ability Time Warp  can no longer be used on paladins with the Divine Shield  buff active.


 Priest Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Inner Focus  can no longer be cast before the effect of its preceding spell completes Inner Focus will only be applied to spells that are cast after it.
Sin and Punishment  now works properly when two players of the same faction are fighting each other including in Arenas. A string error may appear when the opponent is feared even though the talent functions correctly.


 Rogue Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Gouge  is now breaking properly from spell and ability damage.



 Warlock Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

All raid bosses are now properly immune to Suffering  Voidwalker taunt ability.


Dungeons & Raids
Blackwing Descent

Drakeadon Mongrels can now be taunted.
The debuff from Pyreclaw's Flame Buffet now only lasts 8 seconds.
The Golem Sentry's  Flash Bomb damage has been reduced in the 25-player version.
The health of Drakeadon Mongrels and Drakonid Slayers has been reduced in 10- and 25-player versions.
Nefarian's  Blazing Inferno  damage and knockdown radius has been reduced to match the spell effect graphic.


Items

Some Vicious Gladiator's weapons item level 359 incorrectly had their costs increased. This has been corrected. Two-hand and ranged weapons now cost 3400 Conquest Points, while one-hand and caster weapons now cost 2450 Conquest Points.
All Vicious Gladiator's weapons item level 372 have been temporarily removed from the Glorious Conquest Quartermasters until the time is right to officially introduce them into Azerothian society.


PvP

Many items incorrectly rendered unusable in rated Battlegrounds and Arenas have been made usable again.


Battlegrounds
Battle for Gilneas

The banners at each capture point now take 8 seconds to capture, up from 5. Note that when the banners are neutral and have not yet been captured by either faction at the start of a battle, they will display the wrong location names Mine says Farm, Waterworks says Blacksmith, and Lighthouse says Stables.


Races

Gift of the Naaru  now has a maximum limit to the amount healed when used on friendly NPCs with large amounts of health.