Boubouille2011-02-26, 06:53 AMPatch 4.1 - Old Ironforge
This patch finally unlocks the Old Ironforge area of the dwarven capital, you will finally have a chance to walk around the area without having to exploit your way through the door! You will also find Magni in a petrified state following the events of the Cataclysm. 



Magni Bronzebeard on Wowpedia 
Old Ironforge on Wowpedia 



       
     


Patch 4.0.6 Hotfixes - February 25
Another wave of hotfixes has been deployed on live servers, apparently Blizzard decided to nerf a couple of raid encounters. 
Here you'll find a list of hotfixes that address various issues related to the recently released World of Warcraft: Cataclysm patch 4.0.6. Hotfixes are updates we make on our end without requiring you to download a new patch. Some of the hotfixes below will go live the moment they are implemented, while others may require your realm to be restarted to go into effect. Please keep in mind that some issues cannot be addressed without a client-side patch update. We will continue to update this thread in the days ahead as additional hotfixes are applied. Visit our Bug Report forum for a list of 4.0.6 known issues.

February 25
Dungeons & Raids
Bastion of Twilight

Blackout will no longer hit players sent down to the Twilight Zone by either Valiona or Theralion.
Collapsing Twilight Portal should no longer close faster when a person uses it while on Heroic difficulty. It now has a set duration.
Devouring flame maximum damage has been reduced.
Theralion's damage should now be more consistent with Valiona's on 10-player Heroic difficulty.
Twilight Blast damage has been reduced on 10-player Heroic difficulty.
Twilight Protection now lasts 6 seconds, up from 3.
Players should now always receive the Twilight Protection buff when entering the Twilight Realm.
Twilight Sentries have slightly lower health on 10-player Heroic difficulty.
Twilight Zone damage has been lowered slightly.
Unstable Twilight's search effect has been lowered to a 1-yard radius, down from 2.


PvP

Players in Battle for Gilneas and Twin Peaks who are Neutral with the associated factions should no longer experience issues resurrecting at the appropriate graveyards.



PTR 4.1 Patch Notes Update - February 25
The Patch 4.1 PTR Notes have been updated with 2 more classes changes. 
Important: These patch notes are not final. Additional updates will be made, and all existing changes are subject to revision during the course of the testing process. More information regarding patch 4.1 can be found here. Visit our Public Test Realm forum for more information about the testing process. 

 Hunter Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Survival

Deterrence no longer requires a melee weapon to be equipped.


 Warrior Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Fury

Raging Blow damage has been increased back up to 120% weapon damage up from 100%.




Blue Posts
I missed a couple of blue posts because of the PTR, let's not waste precious class information! 
Patch 4.1 and beyond
We have more in store even past patch 4.1 and we'll be sharing more details about them before much longer. We'll also be sharing a more complete look at Zul'Gurub and Zul'Aman including the updated mounts. Though, testing on the PTR will get you a look at it more up front and personal.

We are not near the "end" of things in World of Warcraft nor at the "end" of our ideas. Development takes time though and we plan to make sure that experiences in game continue to be epic. Source 

 Druid Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Low Level Tanking
We do think this is a legitimate concern. While we spend most of our fine-tuning at max level, we also want things to feel good at lower levels as well.The new bear AE rotation was based around Thrash, which is a high level spell. It works at high level, but without Thrash there is a lot of down time and it can be hard to AE tank. Since lower level dungeons don’t tend to be balanced on a razor’s edge, AE’ing is the norm, which can feel bad for lower level druids. We do think this is a problem and we’d like to address it at some point in time. Source 

Feral PvP
We’ve been over this issue quite a bit, but the core issue is that Ferals used to not have a lot of utility in PvP, but were also really hard to control. We watched as players told us over the years that they wanted more utility so that they could actually be a valuable member of their team, so we gave Ferals a lot of utility they didn’t have before, but in turn we thought it was fair to make them slightly easier to control. We realize there are a few different ways we could have gone on this and that some players would no doubt have preferred to keep the iconic ability to not be crowd controlled instead of gaining things like an interrupt and better crowd control of their own. Source 

Bear threat
We just don’t see this issue at level 85. All four of the tank classes seem to be performing well in both 5-player dungeons and in raids. We see all four tanks being used at a variety of levels. We just disagree that the difference is that obvious. Savage Defense might make bears take more damage on AE pulls in 5-player dungeons than other tanks, but we don’t think AE threat generation is a problem again when in reference to max level. Bears don’t have an ability that mimics Shield Slam as a very hard-hitting ability that can help establish initial threat, but that is more of a raiding problem in encounters with frequent spawning adds and not really an issue with Swipe or Thrash. Source 

 Hunter Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Aspect Swapping
Aspect swapping has come up quite a bit. In this thread, more than one of you expressed some annoyance with ‘sound spam’ generated by Aspect swapping. We're interested in addressing the concerns about sound spam, and as a matter of fact, we've been thinking about sound design quite a bit lately, and we’d like to emphasize sound design more in the future. For example, we'd like sound to serve more consistently as a gameplay cue. That strays away from the point, though, which is that we want there to be a trade off for hunters between standing still and doing more damage versus moving and doing less damage but getting mobility and potentially other benefits. For now, the best way to achieve that is via Aspects. Source 

Freezing Trap
Freezing Trap also came up quite a bit, in reference to multi-trapping. This ability was changed because we wanted hunters to be somewhat more consistent with the crowd control potential of other classes, and we didn't want any one class standing out as the absolute best at crowd control. We realize that it rewarded skill, and we like mechanics that do that. This wasn’t the right place for it though, and we think that hunters can be rewarding to skilled players in other ways. Source 


The Daily Blink - This Idea’s Got Legs
The Daily Blink  published a couple of very ... interesting ideas based on the new model of Ragnaros in Patch 4.1. 


 