Boubouille2011-02-12, 06:06 AMToday has been a little crazy with blue announcements, more changes have been updated and I tried to make sure that you don't miss anything important!

Patch 4.0.6 Hotfixes and 4.0.6a Changes - Feb. 11 Updated
The list of hotfixes for today has been updated once again, new changes are in light blue. 
Here you'll find a list of hotfixes that address various issues related to the recently released World of Warcraft: Cataclysm patch 4.0.6. Hotfixes are updates we make on our end without requiring you to download a new patch. Some of the hotfixes below will go live the moment they are implemented, while others may require your realm to be restarted to go into effect. Please keep in mind that some issues cannot be addressed without a client-side patch update. We will continue to update this thread in the days ahead as additional hotfixes are applied. Visit our Bug Report forum for a list of 4.0.6 known issues.

February 11 Patch 4.0.6a

General

Players are no longer encountering errors when having their items bid on in the Auction House. The Auctions tab also updates appropriately reflecting the bid.
The South Island Iced Tea recipe no longer awards credit toward the Set the Oven to "Cataclysmic" or Time To Open A Restaurant guild achievements.
Players can now Ignore other characters from different realms or battlegroups when queuing for Battlegrounds or dungeons using the command: /ignore playername-servernameregion. Note that the user interface Ignore function and "/ignore playername" command still do not work correctly for players on different battlegroups and will require a future patch to correct.
Releasing one's spirit after dying while on a transport or in a vehicle should no longer cause the player to disconnect.


Classes

Area-of-effect abilities such as Consecration , Efflorescence , Healing Rain , Holy Word: Sanctuary , Ring of Frost , and Smoke Bomb  now function correctly when cast on any trapdoors ala Cho'gall or transports even while the caster is not standing on one of those same objects.


 Death Knight Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Death's Advance  may now not allow movement-impairing effects to reduce the death knight below 60/75% of normal movement speed, down from 75/100%.
Death and Decay  no longer damages the death knight's currently selected friendly target when it does damage to nearby target dummies.


 Druid Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Starfall  no longer exceeds 20 stars within its duration.
Moonfury Balance druid passive now increases Arcane and Nature damage by 10%, down from 15%. More information can be found here 
Mangle Bear  and Maul Bear  damage has been increased by approximately 10%.
Frost Nova , Tranquility , War Stomp , and Starfire  are all properly scaled when used by or on a druid in Tree of Life form  The previous temporary hotfix which removed the ability to use War Stomp while in Tree of Life form has been reverted.


 Hunter Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Auto Shot  was not firing while the hunter was moving under certain conditions. Auto Shot should now always function correctly while the hunter is moving.
Having a melee weapon equipped no longer causes the tooltips for Cobra Shot  and Steady Shot  to incorrectly display extra benefit from haste.
The cooldown for Master's Call  has been increased to 45 seconds, up from 35. In addition, it can now be dispelled.
The Warp Stalker ability Time Warp  can no longer be used on paladins with the Divine Shield  buff active.


 Mage Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

The Quad Core  buff provided by the Sanctified Bloodmage 4-piece set bonus is now properly removed as soon as a spell is cast if the mage does not have 4 pieces of the set equipped.


 Paladin Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Beacon of Light no longer triggers from Light of Dawn.
Glyph of Dazing Shield  correctly causes Avenger's Shield  to daze the target, and only allows Avenger's Shield to trigger the dazed effect.
The area-of-effect attack of Hammer of the Righteous  no longer has a chance to miss secondary targets when the primary attack hits the paladin's target. If the primary attack of Hammer of the Righteous fails to hit the target due to miss/dodge/parry/block, no enemies will be affected by the area-of-effect attack. Rogues who are under Cloak of Shadows , however, are able to resist this damage.
The Warp Stalker ability Time Warp  can no longer be used on paladins with the Divine Shield  buff active.


 Priest Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Inner Focus  can no longer be cast before the effect of its preceding spell completes Inner Focus will only be applied to spells that are cast after it.
Shadow Power Shadow priest passive now increases Shadow damage by 15%, down from 25%. More information can be found here 
Sin and Punishment  now works properly when two players of the same faction are fighting each other including in Arenas. A string error may appear when the opponent is feared even though the talent functions correctly.


 Rogue Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Combat Readiness now triggers from all ranged attacks.
Gouge  is now breaking properly from spell and ability damage.



 Warlock Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

All raid bosses are now properly immune to Suffering  Voidwalker taunt ability.


 Warrior Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Raging Blow has been reduced from 120% to 100% weapon damage at max level. More information can be found here 


Dungeons & Raids
Bastion of Twilight

The Elementium Monstrosity's health now more accurately reflects the state of the individual Ascendants.


Blackwing Descent

Drakeadon Mongrels can now be taunted.
The debuff from Pyreclaw's Flame Buffet now only lasts 8 seconds.
The Golem Sentry's  Flash Bomb damage has been reduced in the 25-player version.
The health of Drakeadon Mongrels and Drakonid Slayers has been reduced in 10- and 25-player versions.
Nefarian's  Blazing Inferno  damage and knockdown radius has been reduced to match the spell effect graphic.


Items

Some Vicious Gladiator's weapons item level 359 incorrectly had their costs increased. This has been corrected. Two-hand and ranged weapons now cost 3400 Conquest Points, while one-hand and caster weapons now cost 2450 Conquest Points.
All Vicious Gladiator's weapons item level 372 have been temporarily removed from the Glorious Conquest Quartermasters until the time is right to officially introduce them into Azerothian society.


PvP

Many items incorrectly rendered unusable in rated Battlegrounds and Arenas have been made usable again.


Battlegrounds

Players should no longer sometimes gets stuck in the world and unable to login upon completing a rated Battleground.
Under certain conditions after queuing for Battlegrounds, players were still able to enter the Dungeon Finder queue. While this made it appear as though players were not actually queued properly for Battlegrounds, that wasn't the case. This issue has been fixed so that players cannot queue for both Battlegrounds and via the Dungeon Finder under these select circumstances.


Battle for Gilneas

The banners at each capture point now take 8 seconds to capture, up from 5. Note that when the banners are neutral and have not yet been captured by either faction at the start of a battle, they will display the wrong location names Mine says Farm, Waterworks says Blacksmith, and Lighthouse says Stables.


Races

Gift of the Naaru  now has a maximum limit to the amount healed when used on friendly NPCs with large amounts of health.




The Exalted Title
Recently we changed 'the Exalted' title to require 50 exalted titles up from 40, which meant those that had achieved it were now asked to get 10 more reputations to gain the title back. We felt this kept the title as a difficult reward given the additional reputations introduced with Cataclysm, and also avoided the problem of achievement inflation as the game continues to grow, devaluing the reward.

We didn’t let people know beforehand that we were making this change. A pretty cut and dry error on our part. We take full responsibility for not communicating the change properly, and apologize for the frustration it added to the situation. Unfortunately, that frustration in some people’s cases went to an extreme. Over the past couple days we’ve handed out innumerable suspensions to people who were unable to stay within the forum code of conduct while posting about this change. We of course understand passions can run hot, but some of the violations were extreme enough to remove people’s posting privileges permanently. It’s unfortunate because rational, calm, and constructive posting is the type of feedback that’s taken, discussed, and can help encourage real change. For those that were able to adhere to those posting ideals, we truly thank you for your efforts in keeping your cool.

We took your constructive posts and points, and after discussing the change for quite a while with the designers, the decision has been made to move ‘the Exalted’ title back to require 40 exalted reputations. We’re going to attempt this change with a hotfix, but are unsure at this time if it will be able to be applied through a hotfix. It’s possible that a client patch will be required. We’ll let you know if it does.

The 45 and 50 exalted reputation achievements will continue to exist, but for the time being won’t provide anything beyond achievement points. As some have questioned why the title isn’t grandfathered like ‘the Loremaster’ or ‘the Explorer’ titles, these function differently mechanically. While their requirements have changed, the actual achievement is the same. There’s no tech currently that allows us to give a title for an achievement and then move that title to a different achievement altogether and have people keep them. We are however working on such a technology that will allow players to keep items or titles associated with achievements even if we decide to change that criteria. So, say if we eventually decide to move ‘the Exalted’ title to an achievement which requires 60 reputations in the next expansion just as an example, players who already earned the title at 40 reputations will get to keep the title when the criteria changes. This technology would allow us to let players keep titles or items they’ve already earned, while ensuring we don’t get stuck in a position where we have to continually generate new rewards just so those who earned them originally don’t lose them.

Thanks again for your feedback.


Incoming Hotfixes Updated
We’re in the process of planning for a number of hotfixes that are intended to be implemented within the next day or two. To help give some heads up notice we’re currently looking to make the following changes:



 Shadow Power Shadow priest passive is being changed from 25% to 15% of Shadow damage.


 Moonfury Balance druid passive is being changed from 15% to 6% Arcane and Nature damage.


 Raging Blow reduced from 120% to 100% weapon damage at max level.


In all three cases we’ve been closely monitoring performance since the patch and all 3 specs are currently doing too much damage in PvE. In the case of Shadow and Fury we were also worried about their PvP burst potential, but didn’t want to risk affecting them in PvE. Now that we have concluded they are too high in PvE, both aspects of the game should feel more balanced.

We are also looking at nerfing Aimed Shot, but compensating hunters through Aspect of the Hawk. We are also likely to lower Arcane mage mana cost in some way, which will in turn buff their dps. These don’t have those specifics just yet, but do keep an eye on the 4.0.6 hotfix blog for these and other changes as they come through.


Blue Posts
 Death Knight Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Chillbains & Diminishing Returns / Frost Spec
The root from the Chilblains talent being exempt from diminishing returns was a bug, which was resolved. In situations where shared diminishing returns are an issue, there are other tools available to Frost specced death knights to apply snares or otherwise close the gap. We think that death knight PvP mobility is in a good place now, but we're paying close attention.

We're also keeping a close eye on Frost single target dps at the moment. On a related note, it looks like Frost area of effect output is competitive, despite the changes to Howling Blast. We're also pretty happy with the layout of the Frost tree in general. Source 