Boubouille2011-02-16, 02:21 AMPatch 4.0.6 Hotfixes - February 15
Blizzard deployed another round of hotfixes today, the arcane mage changes are going live and Blizzard decided that it was time to increase the guild XP gains from raid bosses! 
Here you'll find a list of hotfixes that address various issues related to the recently released World of Warcraft: Cataclysm patch 4.0.6. Hotfixes are updates we make on our end without requiring you to download a new patch. Some of the hotfixes below will go live the moment they are implemented, while others may require your realm to be restarted to go into effect. Please keep in mind that some issues cannot be addressed without a client-side patch update. We will continue to update this thread in the days ahead as additional hotfixes are applied. Visit our Bug Report forum for a list of 4.0.6 known issues.

February 15
General

The amount of guild reputation and guild experience gained from killing a raid boss has been dramatically increased, as the previous rate felt too low compared to the difficulty of progressing through raid content. This change will require a realm restart to take effect, which will be next Tuesday's weekly scheduled maintenance at the latest.

Shield of Velen guards in The Exodar are now consistent with other "royal" city guards in terms of health, level, and damage.


Classes
 Mage Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Arcane Blast  now costs 5% of base mana before stacking modifiers, down from 7%.


Dungeons & Raids
Baradin Hold

Argaloth  despawns and resets properly if the raid wipes during Fel Firestorm.


Blackwing Descent

While flying around the Vault of the Shadowflame, Nefarian  no longer forces everyone to stand up if engaged.


Throne of the Tides

It should no longer be possible to summon a mount in certain areas of this dungeon.


Items

Shard of Woe  Heroic trinket now reduces the base mana cost of spells by 205, with the exception of Holy and Nature spells -- the base mana cost of Holy and Nature spells remains reduced by 405 with this trinket.


Professions

Engineering Target Dummies  are no longer able to taunt boss-level creatures.




Blue Posts
Epilepsy and elementals flashing death effect
We've actually seen a number of forum posts, and received a few letters on the elemental death effects. We have a task set to remove the flashes from the death effect, although as the work hasn't begun I couldn't accurately state when the change might make it in.

In any case, we agree and we're going to be changing them. Source 

Lag in 4.0.6
To address these directly, we can't say what any individual ISP may look at when performing any sort of Quality of Service traffic management. There are numerous factors that a traffic management console can monitor and consider as an indicator that throttling a subscriber is required. Those settings and thresholds are between the ISP and, if they choose to divulge it, their subscribers. Blizzard is not directly privy to that information. All we can truly proffer is generic information regarding the technologies involved and how it may impact our users. Source 

Bandwidth requirements in the future
As far as increased bandwidth requirements, nothing 'new' is coming in the works, as far as I am aware, that will require enhanced bandwidth. Our published minimum system requirements can change at any time, depending on what improvements and innovations we introduce. What I am saying is that some issues people have been reporting have indeed been traced to their current throughput limitations. This isn't true across the board, but this is the root cause of some of the reports. Source 


The Daily Blink - World of Warcraft on the Kindle
Another ... interesting idea from The Daily Blink. 


 