Boubouille2011-03-04, 01:14 AMFirelands raid will not be in Patch 4.1
What I've been suspecting for a while is now confirmed, Firelands will not be included in patch 4.1. This is why you aren't seeing anything about it in the patch notes or on the test realms.

For more details on the decision, read the Full Article on Eurogamer.net 


   

From Eurogamer 
Blizzard has told Eurogamer that the Firelands raid – the next tier of endgame raiding progression for the MMO – will not appear in the next patch, 4.1, as it had previously planned. 

In an interview at the Game Developers Conference in San Francisco, lead producer J. Allen Brack said that players were not sufficiently advanced through the raid content that shipped with third expansion Cataclysm in December to handle the challenge of Firelands. He also suggested that Blizzard was thinking of creating "smaller" content patches for World of Warcraft. 

"We feel like the player base isn't really ready for the next raid yet," he said. "And that led to some changes where Firelands is now actually going to be in 4.2." 

"Our plan is to package... features into smaller content updates and to release them as soon as possible, rather than wait and release larger updates more infrequently," Blizzard added in a statement. 

[...] After the interview, Blizzard gave Eurogamer the following statement about the decision to remove Firelands from patch 4.1. 
The decision to move Firelands to 4.2 was also motivated by a desire to move away from the "monolithic" content patches World of Warcraft has received recently, towards smaller updates, Brack said. 

"Patch 4.1 provides our players with access to the completely redesigned Zul'Aman and Zul'Gurub five-player dungeons, where they'll be able to experience challenging encounters featuring all-new boss mechanics, obtain updated epic-level loot, and possibly acquire rare mounts.

"One of our long-standing development goals is to release regular content updates for the community to enjoy. These updates are generally focused on introducing specific content, like a new raid or new gameplay features.

"Our plan is to package these features into smaller content updates and to release them as soon as possible, rather than wait and release larger updates more infrequently.

"The previously announced Firelands raid will be part of content update 4.2 which should come soon after 4.1.


Patch 4.1 - PTR Notes Update - March 3
 Death Knight Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Frost

Howling Blast  now has a facing requirement.


 Druid Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Prowl  has a new icon.


Feral

Feral Swiftness  now also causes Dash  and Stampeding Roar  to have a 50/100% chance to instantly remove all movement impairing effects from the affected targets when used.


Restoration

Efflorescence  has been redesigned. It creates a healing zone at the feet of a Swiftmend  target, but this healing zone now restores health equal to 4/8/12% of the amount healed by Swiftmend to the three most injured targets within 8 yards, every 1 second for 7 seconds. This periodic effect now also benefits from spell haste, but the individual ticks cannot be critical effects.


Glyphs

Glyph of Rake  is now Glyph of Pounce, which increases the range of Pounce  by 3 yards.


 Hunter Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Multi-Shot  damage has been increased by 250%.


 Mage Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Frost

The root effect from Shattered Barrier  now shares diminishing returns with the root from Improved Cone of Cold 


 Paladin Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Protection

Grand Crusader  will now generate a charge of Holy Power if the Avenger Shield  it procs is used within 6 seconds.


 Priest Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Holy Fire  damage has been increased to be approximately 30% higher than Smite 
Mind Sear  damage has been doubled.


Discipline

Atonement  now works with Holy Fire  in addition to Smite 


Glyphs

Glyph of Divine Accuracy  now also affects Holy Fire  in addition to Smite 


 Shaman Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Restoration

Deep Healing now benefits all heals, not just direct heals.
Spirit Link Totem new talent reduces damage taken by all party and raid members within 10 yards by 10%. This lasts 6 seconds, and every second it is active the health of all affected players is redistributed among them, such that each player ends up with the same percentage of their maximum health. This counts as an Air totem and has a 3-minute cooldown.


 Warlock Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Rain of Fire  damage has been increased by 25%.
Seed of Corruption  damage has been increased by 20%.


 Warrior Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Fury

Precision  passive now increase auto-attack damage by 40%, in addition to the 3% hit it offers currently.


Items

The current healing priest 4-piece raid set bonus no longer requires a target to be under the effects of Weakened Soul  for the priest to receive the Spirit bonus. Instead the benefit will be granted each time the priest's Penance  spell heals a target.