Boubouille2011-03-16, 02:15 AMUpdate - Patch 4.1 - PTR Build 13750
A new PTR build is being deployed on test realms. 
Achievements
Dungeons & Raids

Here, Kitty Kitty...  Successfully feed Temple Rats to 4 of Bethekk's Pride during the High Priestess Kilnara encounter.
Heroic: Zul'Gurub  Defeat Jin'do the Godbreaker in Zul'Gurub on Heroic difficulty.
Heroic: Zul'Aman  Defeat Daakara in Zul'Aman on Heroic difficulty.


Feats of Strength

Scourer of the Eternal Sands  Obtain the reins of the Grey Riding Camel from Dormus the Camel-Hoarder.


Guild - Dungeons & Raids

Heroic: Zul'Gurub Guild Run  Defeat Jin'do the Godbreaker in Zul'Gurub on Heroic difficulty while in a guild group.
Heroic: Zul'Aman Guild Run  Defeat Daakara in Zul'Aman on Heroic difficulty while in a guild group.


Items
PvE

Frostscythe of Lord Ahune  - Updated Midsummer Festival Loot.
Fall of Mortality  now gives 2178 Spirit on proc, up from 1926.
Miniature Voodoo Mask  - New
The Frost Lord's War Cloak  - Updated Midsummer Festival Loot.
The Frost Lord's Battle Shroud  - Updated Midsummer Festival Loot.
Shroud of Winter's Chill  - Updated Midsummer Festival Loot.
Cloak of the Frigid Winds  - Updated Midsummer Festival Loot.
Icebound Cloak  - Updated Midsummer Festival Loot.


Spells
Herbalism

Lifeblood  now has a 2 min cooldown, up from 20 sec. 


 Hunter Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Beast Mastery

Feed Pet  now instantly restoring 50% of its total health. Cannot be used while in combat.


Pets

Intervene  no longer costs Focus. 


 Mage Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Arcane

Arcane Barrage  base damage has been increased by 13%.
Arcane Blast  base damage has been increased by 13%. Now also increases the damage of Arcane Explosion.
Arcane Explosion  bas damage has been increased by 13%.
Arcane Missiles  base damage has been increased by 13%.
Improved Arcane Explosion  now also reduces the mana cost by 25/50%. 


Glyphs

Inscription: Glyph of Frost Armor  - Your Frost Armor also causes you to regenerate 2% of your maximum mana every 5 sec.


 Priest Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Holy

Surge of Light  now also affects Binding Heal.


Discipline

Evangelism  now also procs from Mind Flay.


Shadow

Mind Sear  base damage has been doubled.


 Warlock Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Affliction

Shadow Mastery  now increases Shadow spell damage by 30%, up from 25%.



Patch 4.1/4.2 - Winged Lion Mount?
I spent a couple of days debating if I should post this model or not since it seems to be an early beta of the model and I'll assume that at this point my readers are smart enough to understand that the things they see can be a work in progress, so there you go! 

One of the latest beta build of Patch 4.1 on PTRs added a new mount model, the Winged Lion Mount! We don't have any information on this mount for the moment, and as I said it looks like a very early version of the model but ... IT'S A LION WITH WINGS! 


 


Patch 4.1 PTR Notes Update - March 15
The Patch 4.1 PTR Notes  have been updated once again with a couple of class changes and more raiding nerfs. 
Classes: General

Several persistent ground effects now display different visuals for hostile and friendly players. The following spells have the same visual effects for friendly players, but new alternate visuals for hostile players: Ring of Frost, Consecration, Desecration, Wild Mushroom, Flare, Ice Trap, Power Word: Barrier, Smoke Bomb, and Hand of Gul'dan. As a general rule, the alternate effects have a red tint or hue indicating they are created by an enemy player.


 Druid Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Restoration

Efflorescence has been redesigned. It creates a healing zone at the feet of a Swiftmend target, but this healing zone now restores health equal to 4/8/12% of the amount healed by Swiftmend to the three most injured targets within 8 yards, every 1 second for 7 seconds. This periodic effect now also benefits from spell haste, but the individual ticks cannot be critical effects. In addition, Living Seed is no longer a prerequisite talent for Efflorescence.


 Mage Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Arcane

Improved Arcane Explosion now also reduces the mana cost of Arcane Explosion by 25/50%.


Frost

Ice Barrier base damage value has been increased by approximately 120%. In addition, the benefit from spell power has been increased by approximately 8%.


Glyphs

Glyph of Frost Armor new glyph: Frost Armor also causes the mage to regenerate 2% of maximum mana ever 5 seconds.


 Warrior Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Colossus Smash now ignores 50% of a hostile player's armor PvP, but continues to ignore 100% of a non-player character's armor PvE.


Dungeons & Raids
Blackwing Descent

Atramedes

Searing Flames now causes a 6-second cooldown on Modulation.
Searing Flames no longer increases Sound on players.
Players should no longer be able to avoid the first period damage tick of Searing Flame, and Searing Flame now ticks every 2 seconds. The damage of Searing Flame has been increased to compensate for it ticking less frequently.

Nefarian's End

The damage of Shadowflame Barrage has been reduced by 15% 10-player normal and Heroic difficulty only.
The damage of Tail Lash has been reduced by 20% 10-player normal and Heroic difficulty only.



Bastion of Twilight

Dragon Siblings

Blackout can now be dispelled on Heroic difficulty.

Cho'gall

The health of Blood of the Old God on 10-player Heroic difficulty has been lowered by roughly 20%.
The health of Darkened Creations on 10-player Heroic difficulty has been lowered by roughly 20%.
Corruption: Accelerated on 10-player Heroic difficulty has been lowered slightly.
Knockbacks and Deathgrip can now be used to interrupt players that are converted by Cho’gall.



Battlegrounds
Arathi Basin

Arathi Basin is now available as a 10v10-player rated Battleground.



Botting in WoW
This comment by Bashiok follows a giant banwave of people botting Archaeology and PvP earlier this week. That's why you shouldn't cheat if you want to keep your WoW account and that's why pointing to any exploit or cheat on our forums will get you banned, hard. 
We’re in the process of stepping up our detection and tracking to log and action players that are botting, or habitually AFKing in the Battlegrounds. We’ll be taking aggressive action and removing earned items, Honor Points, and ultimately suspending or even banning accounts of those that are found to be botting or habitually AFKing. It’s a sophisticated level of monitoring we’re undertaking. No one actively playing in the Battlegrounds normally should be concerned that they’ll be actioned. 


Blue Posts
 Warrior Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Heroic Leap
Perhaps I should elaborate further. Heroic Leap should work on flat surfaces, and in a great many places, actually. We've had players telling us that it fails constantly, but without providing more specific information regarding where and how; hence the requests for more reports. There are very specific situations where we have purposefully stopped it from functioning to help prevent exploitation, which I've covered in more detail below.

Plus it causes tons of exploit issues, due to the elevation of the leap.
Exploitation was indeed a concern, and some of the Heroic Leap failures you’ve seen might be because of the restrictions we put in place to prevent exploitation. If you’re in an area where flying is restricted like a Battleground and your leap would cause you to gain more than about 4 yards of altitude, then the spell should fail -- though the cooldown shouldn’t be wasted. It should otherwise generally work on flat terrain and succeed much more often outdoors.

It wasn’t an ideal solution, but we added this limitation because players were able to use the targeted jump to exploit terrain to reach inaccessible areas or even leave the map. This wasn’t a knee-jerk reaction either; we received literally hundreds of documented cases where warriors could exploit the ability. The short term alternatives, such as disabling it in Battlegrounds completely, felt worse. Ultimately, we want to remove the height restriction in Battlegrounds and other restricted areas when we have a more robust technical solution. Source 