Boubouille2011-03-01, 03:16 AMUpdate - The patch notes have been updated once again with the resilience changes and more class changes. New additions have been marked in the notes below! 

World of Warcraft PTR Patch 4.1 - Updated February 28th

x - Notes added in the 2nd notes update of the day. 


General

Flying mounts can now be used in Ghostlands.
x Resilience scaling has been modified for linear returns, as opposed to increasing returns. Under the new formula, going from 30 resilience to 40 resilience gives players the same increase to survivability as going from 0 to 10. Resilience now scales in the same way armor and magic resistances do. A player with 32.5% damage reduction from resilience in 4.0.6 should see their damage reduction unchanged in 4.1. Those with less than 32.5% will gain slightly. Those with more will lose some damage reduction, increasingly so as their resilience climbs.


Classes

 Death Knight Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

x Raise Ally  has been redesigned to be a battle resurrection, analogous to Rebirth. It is instant cast, but costs 50 Runic Power to use, and has a 10-minute cooldown. It shares the same global battle resurrection cap with Rebirth and Soulstone.


Blood

x Blood Shield  now only works while in Blood Presence.


Frost

x Frost Strike  now deals 130% of weapon damage, up from 110%.
x Howling Blast  damage has been increased by 20%. To compensate, the area-of-effect splash now does 50% of the single-target damage, down from 60%. The net result of this change leaves the area-of-effect damage roughly the same as 4.0.6 numbers.


Glyph

x Glyph of Raise Ally  is now Glyph of Death Gate, and makes Death Gate cast 60% faster.


 Druid Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Cyclone  duration has been reduced to 5 seconds, down from 6.
Lifebloom 's bloom effect has been reduced by 20%. In addition, it now costs 11% of base mana, up from 7%.
Stampeding Roar 's duration has been increased to 8 seconds, up from 6. The movement speed effect has been increased to 60%, up from 40%.
x Swipe  Bear cooldown has been reduced to 3 seconds, down from 6.


Balance

Starsurge  damage has been reduced by 20%.


Restoration

x Gift of Nature  passive also reduces Tranquility’s cooldown by 2.5/5 minutes.


 Paladin Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Holy

Aura Mastery  This ability no longer increases the benefit granted by Crusader Aura.


 Priest Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Inner Will  and Inner Fire  now last until canceled.


Discipline

It is now possible to remove Weakened Soul  effects that were a result of another priest's Power Word: Shield  through Strength of Soul 
x Power Word: Barrier 's cooldown has been increased to 3 minutes, up from 2, and its effect has been reduced to 25%, down from 30%.


 Warlock Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Affliction

Haunt  damage has been increased by 30%.
x Shadow Mastery  passive has been increased to 30%, up from 25%.


Demonology

Mana Feed  now restores more mana four times as much when the warlock is using a Felguard or Felhunter.


Pet

Doomguard's damage has been increased by 50%. The Doomguard is intended to be the best guardian for single-target damage, and the Infernal the best when there are multiple targets.
x Shadow Bite  Felhunter damage and effect has doubled.


 Warrior Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Heroic Throw  is now available from trainers at level 20.
Pummel  is now usable in all stances.
Shield Bash  has been removed from the game.
Spell Reflection  cooldown has been increased to 25 seconds, up from 10.


Arms

Juggernaut  no longer adds 2 seconds to the Charge stun, but instead lowers the cooldown of Charge by 2 seconds to 13 seconds total without the glyph.
Lambs to the Slaughter  now causes Mortal Strike to refresh Rend in addition to its current effects.


Fury

Flurry  haste bonus has been doubled to 16/32/50%.


Protection

Shield Mastery  no longer affects the cooldown of Spell Reflection, however, it now allows Shield Block to reduce magic damage as well.
Gag Order  now only affects Heroic Throw.


Glyphs

Glyph of Spell Reflection  reduces the cooldown of Spell Reflection  by 5 seconds, up from 1 second.


Dungeons & Raids

The gold amounts on the following encounters have been substantially reduced: Flame Leviathan, Magtheridon, Gruul the Dragonkiller, Doom Lord Kazzak, and all encounters in Karazhan.


Items
Item Sets

x The current damage-dealing death knight 4-piece raid set bonus now also grants increased attack power when Killing Machine triggers, as well as when the death knight gains Death Runes.
x The current Holy paladin 4-piece raid set bonus now grants 540 Spirit for 6 seconds after casting Holy Shock.


PvP
Battlegrounds

The Focused Assault and Brutal Assault buffs have changed.

After 3 minutes of both teams having the flag, both flag carriers will get Focused Assault, which increases damage taken by 10%.
Every minute afterward, an additional stack will be applied to increase damage taken by an additional 10%.
After 7 minutes, Brutal Assault will be applied in place of Focused Assault. In additional to the damage debuff, this debuff also caps the player's movement speed at 100%. The damage taken debuff works the same and will add 10% to the debuff up to a maximum of 100% damage taken.

The Battle for Gilneas

Graveyard Changes

Players who die at a control point that they own will now be teleported to the next closest graveyard, instead of the one at which they died.
If a player's team owns the Mine and Waterworks, and dies at Waterworks, they will be teleported to the Mine.
If an Alliance player's team only owns Lighthouse, and dies at Lighthouse, they will respawn at their base.
If a Horde player's team owns Waterworks and Mine, and dies at Lighthouse, they will respawn at Waterworks.




Quests & Creatures

A handful of quests have been added to Northern Barrens to provide more level 18-20 content. Look for new quests at Nozzlepot's Outpost and Darsok's Outpost.


User Interface

Like the Focus Frame, the character Unit and Target Frames can now be unlocked and moved to one's content.