Boubouille2011-03-22, 11:06 PMPatch 4.1 Public Test Realm Notes - March 22
The Patch 4.1 PTR Notes  have been updated once again! My favorite part? 



All trade goods available for purchase with Honor or Justice Points from the associated commodities vendors have had their prices reduced by 50%.
Maelstrom Crystals  are now available for purchase with Honor or Justice Points from the associated commodities vendors.


Achievements

A new feat of strength with an associated title, "the Camel-Hoarder", has been added for players that have bested Dormus  and obtained the Reins of the Grey Riding Camel -- because there must always be a Camel-Hoarder.


PvP

Rated Battlegrounds

The achievements to win 100 rated Battlegrounds have been renamed to "Veteran of the Alliance " and "Veteran of the Horde ", and now award those titles.
Achievements to win 300 rated Battlegrounds have been added, awarding the "Warbound" and "Warbringer" titles to the Alliance and Horde respectively.

Arathi Basin 

The achievement "We Had It All Along *cough* " now requires the player to win Arathi Basin by 50 points or less, up from 10 points or less.

The Battle for Gilneas 

The achievement "Jugger Not " now requires the player to win The Battle for Gilneas by 100 points or less, up from 10 points or less.
The achievement "Out of the Fog " requires the player to defend 2 bases in a single battle, down from 3.
The achievement "One Two Three You Don't Know About Me " requires the player to assault 2 bases in a single battle, down from 3.
The achievement "Not Your Average PUG'er " now requires 10 total flag defenses, down from 50.
The achievement "Battle for Gilneas All-Star " now requires a single flag assault and flag defense in a battle, down from 2.



 Death Knight Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator ,,12213 / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Unholy

Desecration  no longer triggers when an applicable strike hits a snare-immune target. This is primarily to avoid unnecessary spell effect clutter during boss encounters.


 Mage Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator ,,12213 / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 

Frostbolt  damage has been increased by 10%.


Frost

Fingers of Frost  bonus damage applied to Ice Lance has been increased to 25%, up from 15%.


 Paladin Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator ,,12213 / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Holy

Illuminated Healing  shield duration is now 15 seconds, up from 8 seconds. In addition, Illuminated Healing has been increased to provide 1.5% effect per mastery, up from 1.25%.


 Shaman Forums  / 3.3.5 Talent Calculator ,,12213 / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Enhancement

Improved Fire Nova has been redesigned and replaced by a talent called Seasoned Winds  When an enemy spell cast is successfully prevented with Wind Shear , the shaman gains magical resistance in an amount equal to what a protection totem/aura would grant, stacking with such buffs to the spell schools of the interrupted spell except for Holy spells, lasting 10 seconds.


Dungeons & Raids
Dire Maul North 

The Gordok Courtyard Key  in Fengus's Chest is now replenished after several seconds.


The Mechanar 

The Cache of the Legion  now unlocks when Gatewatcher Gyro-kill is gyro-killed.


Stratholme 

Postboxes no longer require keys to open, because really, who locks their postboxes anymore when they're all undead? It's just people sending coupons for brains anyway.
The Postmaster now spawns when 3 of any postbox are opened.


Uldaman 

The Staff of Prehistoria  is no longer required to open the door in the Map Room.
Baelog's chest has been given new loot. If it's grey it's good, right?


Zul'Farrak 

Troll Cages no longer require the Executioner's Key  to open.


Guilds

The amount of guild experience rewarded for rated Battleground guild group wins has been dramatically increased.
Players are now rewarded guild experience for Honorable Kills in the field.
Players are now rewarded guild experience for Battleground wins in Battleground brackets up to level 80.
Arena teams are now awarded guild experience for wins. The entire team must be members of the same guild to earn this experience.


Items

All trade goods available for purchase with Honor or Justice Points from the associated commodities vendors have had their prices reduced by 50%.
Maelstrom Crystals  are now available for purchase with Honor or Justice Points from the associated commodities vendors.


PvP
Arenas

The Ring of Valor  has returned! It should now be playable again in the Arena map rotation.
New starting areas have been added for Ring of Valor. Players will no longer enter the Arena on the elevator. It's been removed. Instead players will start in a room at opposite ends of the Arena.


Quests & Creatures

Loot from the creatures Garr , Julak-Doom , Mobus , and Poseidus  has been adjusted to be commensurate to their rarity and invested effort.


User Interface

The Guild Finder has been implemented! While we are continuing to add final polish to this feature, we welcome all focused testers to give it a go. Feedback can be provided here.