Boubouille2011-03-25, 05:50 PMUpdate 09:30PM CEST - It also looks like Reins of Poseidus  is now an epic item, it will probably a loot from the rare NPC Poseidus in Vashj'ir. 
Update 08:30PM CEST - Extinct Turtle Shell  is now bound to account apparently and seems to be a potential Archaeology reward. 
Update 08:00PM CEST - Added item changes/additions.
Update 07:45PM CEST - Added the final/clean version of class spells and professions changes.
Update 07:00PM CEST - Added the final/clean version of the Achievements changes.

PTR Patch 4.1 - Build 13793
A new build is finally being deployed on PTRs!

Item Changes
Mounts

Winged Guardian  - Blizzard Store Mount See Blizzard Store Mount - Winged Lion 


Companion Pets

Pterrordax Hatchling  
Voodoo Figurine  
Guardian Cub  


Rare Elite Monsters Loot

Mobus's Dripping Halberd 
Vitreous Beak of Julak-Doom  
Belt of a Thousand Gaping Mouths  
Xariona's Spectral Gauntlets  
Garr's Reinforced Girdle of Memories  


Misc Epic Loot

Mistral Pendant  
Permafrost Choker  
Cloudburst Necklace  
Planetary Amulet  
Mistral Drape  
Permafrost Cape  
Cloudburst Cloak  
Planetary Drape  



Achievements Changes
Dungeons & Raids
Cataclysm Dungeon

Ring Out!  will only rewarded if all players defeat Daakara without leaving the turquoise stonework.
Here, Kitty Kitty...  now requires you to defeat High Priestess Kilnara after having fed 4 Temple Rats to Bethekk's Pride. Now rewards 10 points, up from 0.



Exploration
Eastern Kingdoms


Explore Silverpine Forest  no longer requires you to explore The Greymann Wall
Explore Westfall  no longer requires you to explore Gold Coast Quarry
Explore the Cape of Stranglethorn  no longer requires you to explore The Sundering. 


General

You'll Feel Right as Rain  Feel 1000% better by eating Chocolate Cookies.
Represent  now also includes Renowned Guild Tabard  and Illustrious Guild Tabard 
Cataclysmically Delicious  now only includes Cataclysm food and rewards 20 points, up from 10 points. 
Drown Your Sorrows  now only includes Cataclysm beverages. 


Guild bottom tab
General

You Have Been Challenged  Complete a guild challenge.
Challenging  Complete 50 guild challenges.
A Difficult Challenge  Complete 100 guild challenges.
Raid Challenges  Complete 50 guild raid challenges.
Rated Battleground Challenges  Complete 50 guild rated battleground challenges.
Dungeon Challenges  Complete 50 guild dungeon challenges.


Player vs. Player
Arathi Basin


We Had It All Along *cough*  now requires you to win by 50 points or less. Up from 10 points. 


Battle for Gilneas


One Two Three You Don't Know About Me  now requires you to assault 2 bases, down from 3.
Out of the Fog  now requires you to defend 2 bases, down from 3.
Not Your Average PUG'er  now requires you to defend a base 10 times by recapping the flag, down from 50.
Jugger Not  now requires you to win the Battle for Gilneas by 100 points or less, up from 10 points. 
Battle for Gilneas All-Star  now requires you to assault and defend 1 base, down from 2.


Rated Battleground


In Service of the Horde  is now Veteran of the Horde  and rewards the "Veteran of the Horde" title. 
Veteran of the Horde  is now Warbringer of the Horde  and rewards the "Warbringer" title instead of "Veteran of the Horde". Now requires to win 300 rated battlegrounds, down from 500.
In Service of the Alliance  is now Veteran of the Alliance  and rewards the "Veteran of the Alliance" title.
Veteran of the Alliance  is now Warbound Veteran of the Alliance  and rewards the "Warbound" title instead of "Veteran of the Alliance". Now requires to win 300 rated battlegrounds, down from 500.


Twin Peaks

Twin Peaks Perfection  no longer requires you to not die. 


Professions
Fishing


The Limnologist  no longer requires you to catch Bloated Smallfish  or Bloated Trout 



Spell Changes
Class Skills
Companions


Guardian Cub  Right Click to summon and dismiss your Guardian Cub. Instant
Pterrordax Hatchling  Right Click to summon and dismiss your Pterrordax Hatchling. Instant
Voodoo Figurine  Right Click to summon and dismiss your Voodoo Figurine. Instant


Mounts


Amani Battle Bear  Summons and dismisses a rideable Amani Battle Bear.
Subdued Seahorse  Summons and dismisses a rideable Subdued Seahorse. This mount is a zippy swimmer.Due to his capricious nature, swim speed is not affected by effects that increase or decrease mount speed. 1.5 sec cast
Winged Guardian  Summons and dismisses a Winged Guardian. This mount changes depending on your Riding skill and location. 1.5 sec cast


 Death Knight Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Blood

Blood Strike  base additional damage has been increased by 25%, from 680 to 850.
Blood Strike Off-Hand  now scales from weapon damage instead of offhand weapon damage. Not sure if it's relevant, but listing it


Frost

Obliterate  base additional damage has been reduced by 37.5%, from 1040 to 650.


Unholy

Desecration  no longer triggers against targets that are immune to movement slowing effects.


 Druid Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Feral


Ferocious Bite  now scales from 32.7% of AP with 3 combo points, up from 23.27%. Tooltip fix 
Savage Defense  now only procs from non-periodic critical strikes. 
Stampede  now also causes Ravage to not have a positioning requirement.


Restoration


Nature's Swiftness  now increases the amount healed by 50% if the spell is a healing spell. 


Balance


Cyclone  now lasts 6 sec, up from 5 sec.
Starfall  - Shapeshifting into an animal form or mounting cancels the effect. Any effect which causes you to lose control of your character will suppress the starfall effect.
Starlight Wrath  now Reduces the cast time of your Wrath and Starfire spells by 0.15/0.25 sec, up from 0.1/0.2 sec. 


 Hunter Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Survival


Freezing Trap  - Only one target can be Freezing Trapped at a time.
Lock and Load  - Effect lasts for 12 sec.
Noxious Stings  now only increases your ranged damage. 


Marksmanship


Multi-Shot  now deals 138% weapon damage, up from 118%.


Pet - Generic Hunter

Bloodthirsty  now heals over 5 sec. 


 Mage Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Frost

Frostbolt  base damage has been increased by 10%, from [ 657 - 838 ] to [ 723 - 922 ]
Fingers of Frost  now increases Ice Lance damage by 25%, up from 15%.
Ice Barrier  now scales from 87% of Frost Spellpower, up from 80.7%.


Arcane


Arcane Blast  now has a 2.2 sec cast time, down from 2.5 sec. Base damage reduced by 12%, from [ 1933 - 2247 ] to [ 1710 - 1988 ]


 Paladin Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Protection

Sacred Duty  now also procs from Avenger's Shield. Now lasts 10 sec, down from 15 sec. 


Holy


Illuminated Healing  now absorbs for 12% of the amount healed, up from 10%. Each point of Mastery increases the absorb amount by an additional 1.5%, up from 1.25%. 


 Priest Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Discipline

Rapture  now instantly energizes you with 5/7% of your total mana, up from 4/6%.


 Rogue Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Subtlety

Cheat Death  now cannot occur more than once per 90 sec, up from 1 minute.


 Shaman Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Elemental Combat


Fire Nova  now has a 100 yards range, up from 40 yards. 


Enhancement

Dual Wield  now increases chance to hit with melee attacks only. 
Seasoned Winds  no longer procs from interrupts with Grounding Totems. 


 Warlock Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Glyphs

Glyph of Soul Swap  now gives Soul Swap a 15 sec cooldown, up from 10 sec. 



 Warrior Forums  / Cataclysm Talent Calculator  / Beta Skills/Talents 
Protection

Gag Order  chance to silence the target now also affects Pummel. 


Fury


Enraged Regeneration  - Enraged, and new Enrage effects may not be gained while active.
Slam  now deals 145% damage plus 624, down from 174% weapon damage plus 748. 
Whirlwind  now reduces the cooldown when it hits targets with the main-hand weapon. 
Raging Blow  now deals 100% weapon damage, down from 120%.


Arms


Colossus Smash  now bypasses 100% of the armor but bypasses less armor on players. 
Mortal Strike  now deals 150% weapon damage, down from 175%. 
Overpower  now deals 125% weapon damage, down from 145%.
Improved Slam  now increases Slam's damage by 10/20%.


Professions
Inscription

Forged Documents  now requires 1 x Blackfallow Ink , down from 3.
Glyph of Frost Armor  now requires Ink of the Sea  instead of Midnight Ink 
Glyph of Soul Swap  now gives Soul Swap a 15 sec cooldown, up from 10 sec. 


Cooking


Darkbrew Lager  now requires Skin of Dwarven Stout  x 2 and Jug of Bourbon 


Jewelcrafting

Jewelcrafting: Punisher's Band  - Creates Punisher's Band  Reagents: Elementium Bar  x 4, Chimera's Eye  x 4, Amberjewel  x 4, Volatile Earth  x 75
Aquamarine Signet  now requires Jeweler's Setting  instead of Flask of Mojo 
Figurine - Black Pearl Panther  no longer requires Flask of Mojo  
Figurine - Ruby Serpent  no longer requires Flask of Big Mojo 
Figurine - Truesilver Boar  no longer requires Flask of Mojo  
Figurine - Truesilver Crab  no longer requires Flask of Mojo  


Alchemy


Shadow Oil  no longer requires Fadeleaf  


Engineering

Gnomish Goggles  no longer requires Flask of Mojo  
Gnomish Shrink Ray  no longer requires Flask of Mojo  


Enchanting

Enchanting: Enchant Shield - Blocking  is now Enchant Shield - Mastery  and increases mastery rating by 50 instead of increasing block rating by 40.
Enchant Weapon - Heartsong  now procs from healing or dealing damage with spells. 


Leatherworking


Barbaric Belt  no longer requires Coarse Gorilla Hair  
Big Voodoo Cloak  no longer requires Flask of Big Mojo 
Big Voodoo Mask  no longer requires Flask of Mojo 
Big Voodoo Pants  no longer requires Flask of Big Mojo 
Big Voodoo Robe  no longer requires Flask of Mojo 


Tailoring


Admiral's Hat  now requires 5 x Bolt of Mageweave , up from 3. No longer requires Long Elegant Feather 