Boubouille2011-03-18, 04:46 AMTarget position on Minimap in Patch 4.1
Patch 4.1 adds a very useful feature to the game, anything you target will now have its position displayed on the minimap! It's obviously very useful when you're looking for a NPC after using the /target command and I'm sure it will make a couple of rare elite hunters happy. Unless you have NPCScan , in this case you're probably already happy


 


Weekly Daily Quest Cap on PTRs
The change to the daily quest cap I mentioned yesterday is now available for testing on PTRs! For the few people who do not trust file changes for that kind of stuff, here is a nice screenshot of the new LFD Panel with the updated text + the new options. 

Unless a blue poster says something about it, you can probably expect this change to go live and grinding dungeons might get considerably easier for some of you. 


 

 


Blue Posts
Blizzard promised me a pony! and a raid in 4.1 at Blizzcon
BlizzCon is a behind the scenes look into the development process. We offer that behind the scenes look because we know people enjoy being able to see our processes, and also hear about what we're thinking about and planning. That comes with the hope that the information is indeed taken as we intend it, which is a candid look at our thoughts and processes. Not bullet points of finalized game features.

Unfortunately those candid thoughts and processes are sometimes interpreted as promises for the development of our games.

The reason we commonly do not discuss our plans until they're in the process of being implemented, or actually complete, is exactly for that reason. BlizzCon is a huge exception to our rule, and while we're not going to stop having BlizzCons and offering those behind the scenes looks for those in attendance who come to see exactly those things, it's really unfortunate to see when they're referenced as promises. Source 

The death of World PvP
Hrm, I reckon it's rewards that ruined world PvP. Everyone harkens back to TM/SS as the holy grail of world PvP, and that was before and maybe slightly after the honor system was implemented but before real rewards existed from it. I think you can encourage world PvP all you want, and if there aren't rewards behind it you'll keep people interested for about as long as it takes them to realize there are other things to do that give real power increases. Why would anyone spend any amount of time just pushing back and forth for no reason when you can spend your time toward actual rewards and character improvement? Maybe there are some of you, but I guarantee it'd be short lived.

I mean shoot, you have Isle of Quel'Danas or even quest hubs in Cataclysm where people are literally forced together, and there's complaints that they just want people to stop PvPing so they can get their stuff done so they can get their rewards. That's kind of unfair because I know many did enjoy those situations, but somehow it never meets the awesomeness of TM/SS, and I reckon it just never could again.

The best I can think that you could do is create a specific world PvP zone where you don't allow flying mounts, give some objective to tug-o-war over, and so you can justify giving some semi-meaningful rewards and keep people interested you'd need to find some way to even up the sides because world PvP is inherently going to be unfair. I think you do all that and you probably have the best working solution for bringing back world PvP. Source 


Comics
Dark Legacy  was a little late this week and I had to postpone the comic update. This week, Dark Legacy Comic #279  and Teh Gladiators #218 + #219 !


   