Boubouille2011-04-16, 06:27 AMPatch 4.2 Models - Lord Anthrycist
Another Patch 4.2 related model was added to the PTR files recently, if you remember the Firelands Raid Preview  you probably saw the "Anthricyst Plateau" sub-zone on the minimap. 

It seems that it will be the home of a new boss: Lord Anthricyst, who went into exile in the Firelands after seeing his name mispelled way too many times. 



Firelands Raid Preview 



 


New Lore: Council of Three Hammers Story Available!
Already embroiled by its own internal strife, the fledgling Council of Three Hammers is put to its greatest test yet when mounting tensions between the rival Bronzebeard, Wildhammer, and Dark Iron dwarf clans threaten to ignite violence in Ironforge.

The city of Kurdran's ancestors was a simmering cauldron of old prejudice. It churned endlessly, its toxic fumes dissolving whatever logic and reason remained within the Bronzebeard, Wildhammer, and Dark Iron dwarves living together in Ironforge for the first time in over two centuries. And Kurdran was standing at the edge of it all, gazing into its fiery heart with confusion as it grew closer and closer to erupting.

In an unsettling way he felt as if he were still at war with the blood-cursed Horde and trapped on Outland. Yet there were no clear enemies in Ironforge. No crazed demons. No rampaging orcs bent on decimating all life on his world. There were only words.

Blizzard Entertainment is proud to present the latest entry in the "Leaders of Azeroth" short story series: Fire and Iron! 


Trading Card Game Art Gallery Now Open
We’ve expanded our Media  section to include an all-new Trading Card Game  art gallery, and are kicking this off by featuring ten spectacular pieces of art that appear in the World of Warcraft Trading Card Game , licensed by Cryptozoic Entertainment. Additional collections will be added to the new gallery in the weeks ahead.


         
         


The Daily Blink - Selective Hearing
The Daily Blink 's view on patch notes ...


 