Boubouille2011-05-04, 11:13 PMPatch 4.2 on PTRs - Build 14002
Patch 4.2 is upon us! See the list of changes below.

Important - As usual with datamined changes, be very careful. Especially on a first build of a PTR where most of our internal tools explode because of changes to the game files. 

Achievements Changes
Dungeons & Raids


Glory of the Firelands Raider  New


Cataclysm Raid


Only the Penitent...  New
Firelands  New
Heroic: Ragnaros  New
Heroic: Majordomo Fandral Staghelm  New
Heroic: Baleroc  New
Heroic: Shannox  New
Heroic: Beth'tilac  New
Heroic: Lord Rhyolith  New
Heroic: Alysrazor  New
Not an Ambi-Turner  New
Do a Barrel Roll!  New
DPS Off! [Temp]  New
Bucket List  New
Share the Pain  New


Feats of Strength

Dragonwrath, Tarecgosa's Rest  New


Guild
Dungeons & Raids


We Are Legendary  Dragonwrath, Tarecgosa &#39; s Rest
A Legendary Collection  Dragonwrath, Tarecgosa &#39; s Rest
The Ultimate Collection  Dragonwrath, Tarecgosa &#39; s Rest
Dragonwrath, Tarecgosa's Rest - Guild Edition  New


Rated Battleground


Veteran of the Horde  Title Reward: Epic Wolf and Veteran of the Horde Title
Warbringer of the Horde  Reward: Epic Wolf and Warbringer Title Reward: Warbringer
Veteran of the Alliance  Title Reward: Epic Warhorse and Veteran of the Alliance
Warbound Veteran of the Alliance  Reward: Epic Warhorse and Warbound Title Reward: Warbound
Veteran of the Alliance II  New
Veteran of the Horde II  New


Professions
Cooking


Let's Do Lunch: Stormwind  Let &#39; s Do Lunch: Stormwind Lunch
Let's Do Lunch: Orgrimmar  Let &#39; s Do Lunch: Orgrimmar Lunch
Let's Do Lunch: Ironforge  New
Let's Do Lunch: Darnassus  New
Let's Do Lunch: Thunder Bluff  New
Let's Do Lunch: Undercity  New
A Bunch of Lunch  New
A Bunch of Lunch  New


Fishing


Fish or Cut Bait: Stormwind  Fish or Cut Bait: Stormwind Bait
Fish or Cut Bait: Orgrimmar  Fish or Cut Bait: Orgrimmar Bait
Fish or Cut Bait: Ironforge  New
Fish or Cut Bait: Darnassus  New
Fish or Cut Bait: Thunder Bluff  New
Fish or Cut Bait: Undercity  New
Gone Fishin'  New
Gone Fishin'  New





Spell Changes

Companion Pets

Feline Familiar  Right Click to summon and dismiss your Feline Familiar. Instant
Fire Lasher  Right Click to summon and dismiss your Ammen Vale lashling. Instant
Hyjal Bear Cub  Right Click to summon and dismiss your Hyjal Bear Cub. Instant


Mounts

Alliance War Steed  Summons and dismisses a rideable Alliance War Steed. 1.5 sec cast
Corrupted Fire Hawk  Summons and dismisses a rideable Corrupted Fire Hawk. This is a flying mount. 1.5 sec cast
Green Fire Hawk  Summons and dismisses a rideable Green Fire Hawk Mount. This is a flying mount. 1.5 sec cast
Horde War Wolf  Summons and dismisses a rideable Horde War Wolf. 1.5 sec cast
Pureblood Fire Hawk  Summons and dismisses a rideable Pureblood Fire Hawk. This is a flying mount. 1.5 sec cast


 Death Knight Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Frost

Rune Strike  now scales from 18% of AP, up from 15%. No longer causes a high amount of threat. 


 Druid Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Balance

Entangling Roots  no longer deals damage. 
Innervate  now causes the target to regenerate 5% of maximum mana over 10 sec. Still regenerates 20% of maximum mana on self cast. 


Feral

Lacerate  no longer causes a high amount of threat.


 Paladin Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Holy

Speed of Light  now also procs from Divine Protection.


 Priest Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Discipline

Focused Will  now procs from critical hits by any non-periodic attack. 
Atonement  now heals for "a percentage of the damage dealt" instead of 100%. Wording change?


 Rogue Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Subtlety

Blind  now lasts 1 min, up from 10 sec. 


 Warrior Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Arms

Overpower  now has a 1.5 sec cooldown, up from 1 sec. 
Retaliation  no longer requires Battle Stance.


Fury

Recklessness  no longer requires Berserker Stance


Protection

Shield Slam  no longer causes a high amount of threat.
Shield Wall  no longer requires Defensive Stance.