Boubouille2011-05-02, 03:32 AMPatch 4.2 Previews - Recap
We had quite a lot of Patch 4.2 information in the past week and you can probably expect a little more of it this week, it's time for a recap!

PS: Don't forget to check the preview of the Dungeon Journal in a few hours! 

Patch 4.2

BlizzCast 16: World of Warcraft Patch 4.2 Preview Video 
Cory Stockton's interview on Patch 4.2 + Screenshots 


Firelands Raid

Patch 4.2 Preview: A Legendary Engagement Legendary Staff - Dragonwrath, Tarecgosa's Rest 
Tier 12 Armor Set Preview -- Paladin, Mage, Rogue, Hunter, Death Knight, Priest 
Patch 4.2 Preview: The Firelands Raid 
Patch 4.2 Raid Preview - Official Video 


Firelands Daily Quests

Patch 4.2 Preview: The Regrowth and Molten Front Daily Quest Hubs 
Patch 4.2 Daily Quests Preview - Official Video 


Misc. Quests

4.2 Preview: “Elemental Bonds” Quest Line Thrall's Questline 



 


Patch 4.2 - Ghostcrawler's Interview on games.on.net
game.on.net  has a very informative interview of Ghostcrawler on Patch 4.2 on their site! It's a short read and you should definitely check it out.


 


Blue Posts
Dungeon Finder and players from the same realm
That isn't just a coincidence. Many players have stated since the release of the Dungeon Finder that they like the convenience of being matched for a group automatically, but they miss the feeling of community when they're paired with strangers from other realms with whom they might never speak again. So we made a slight change in the way the Dungeon Finder sorts through the queue matching players for a dungeon.

This was a late addition to the patch notes made yesterday evening:

The Dungeon Finder will attempt to place players from the same realm in a party together. Source 

"Just" 7 bosses? Firelands isn't Trial of the Crusader
This ain't Trial of the Crusader. The place is epic and there's a ton of progression and fun to be had in 4.2. The actual boss mechanics are pretty incredible, and there are a few surprises players can stumble across in the raid as well!

7 is just a number... I'd bet 4 to 7 of my toes this will not even be a topic of discussion come release of the patch. It's one of those random things people latch onto when they only have so much information, only to be distracted by something else random to take issue with the next day/week/month. 

[...] I actually enjoyed raiding ToC, but we'll certainly admit it wasn't the most epic tier of raiding we've released. ;

We tried out a very different format for that raid. I think it suited its purpose well, but it's not a shocker that it's not a player favorite, or the most memorable raid. There's something to be said about working through an expansive dungeon with crazy trash pulls and amazing environments.

Oh man... I can't wait for you to get into Firelands! I've been given a tour of the place from our encounter design team on more than one occasion. It's friggin' epic. Serious. Source 

Authenticator field removed from the main login screen
The authenticator prompt is indeed no longer on the main login screen, and this was an intentional change to prepare for future authentication functionality. Rest assured your account is still protected. Source 


Comics
Dark Legacy Comics #286  and Teh Gladiators #232 + #233  are out!


   