Boubouille2011-04-28, 04:09 PMPatch 4.2 Preview: The Firelands
For ages, the Elemental Plane served its purpose as a secure realm to imprison Azeroth's primordial spirits... until the Cataclysm ruptured its boundaries. Without warning, Ragnaros's armies surged toward Mount Hyjal, intent on burning the World Tree of Nordrassil to the ground. In the ensuing conflict, many brave heroes gave their lives to protect Hyjal from destruction. By their noble sacrifices, the impossible was achieved: the Guardians of Hyjal pushed Ragnaros's minions back into the Firelands.

Now, the battle to protect Hyjal rages in Ragnaros's smoldering realm. As territory is gained and Azeroth's champions edge closer to the Firelands' inner sanctums, a monumental task lies ahead. Entrenched around Ragnaros's lair -- Sulfuron Keep -- are his most trusted guardians, including the turncoat Druids of the Flame and their mysterious leader. Yet Hyjal's defenders cannot afford to shy away from any of these dangers. Should Ragnaros prevail against the incursion and succeed in destroying Nordrassil, Azeroth will suffer a blow from which it might never recover.


World of Warcraft patch 4.2 will offer hardy adventurers an opportunity to turn the tide in the Firelands, a huge outdoor raid of the highest difficulty, with 10-person and 25-person normal and Heroic modes. It will be a scorching opportunity to delve into this Elemental Plane, where six unique bosses stand between you and the reinvigorated Ragnaros. The great fire lord's chamber is shielded by:

Beth'tilac

Her fiery webs reach far overhead, daring her adversaries to simultaneously face their fears of both spiders and heights. Only by taking hold of her webs and climbing into her domain yourself will you find a way to thwart her evil designs.


 

Lord Rhyolith

Heroes face a difficult challenge: attack this massive magma giant's bulk while forcing him to move against his will among volcanic eruptions that ultimately spell his doom... or yours.

Alysrazor

Are you ready to fly the fiery skies? Catch her singed feathers and use them to soar above the inferno, or perish at the whim of this swift firehawk.


 

Shannox

The ferocious flamewakers of this Elemental Plane are terrifying enough, but Shannox has brought companions to his side in defense of the Firelands. This mighty hunter will require that you find a way to deal with his blazing pets before he burns you to a crisp.


 

Baleroc

Baleroc stands before the gate to Sulfuron Keep, amidst a river of combustion that serves as the Sulfuron moat. The bridge to Ragnaros’s blistering chamber can only be crossed by those who find a way to put an end to this towering elemental monstrosity.

Majordomo Staghelm

Ragnaros's latest chief lieutenant stands before the door to his master's chamber in Sulfuron Keep. Majordomo Staghelm's treasonous efforts will all come to a head before the very seat of his new master.


 

Defeat his guardians and a memorable battle with the enraged Ragnaros awaits you in his chamber. Ragnaros's normal and Heroic modes offer two completely different encounters for raiders to conquer.

Because the Firelands raid is outdoors, players will be able to mount and attempt to avoid the highly dangerous groups of enemies milling about. The order in which you engage the first four bosses in the zone will be up to you.


 

 

This will also be one stop of many in a quest to build the legendary staff Dragonwrath, Tarecgosa’s Rest. A weapon of unsurpassed quality, Dragonwrath, Tarecgosa’s Rest will not only require a spectacular effort by its owner to construct; it will reward the entire guild with a new and unique non-combat pet upon completion.

A tantalizing collection of unique rewards await those who brave the heat, and defeat the lords of the Firelands. With a new raid tier of armor and weapons, three new mounts including the rare and highly sought flaming Anzu, a slew of new personal and guild achievements, an epic storyline, a grand musical score, and seven unique boss encounters, 4.2 and the Firelands raid will burn an indelible mark in World of Warcraft history.

Are you prepared to taste the flames?


 