Boubouille2011-05-03, 02:19 AMPatch 4.2 PTR Notes - Patch 4.2 PTR coming soon
Blizzard released early versions of the PTR 4.2 notes, the first part is just link to the previews from last week but we have a few classes changes after that.
Classes: General
Crowd Control

Many crowd control abilities no longer cause creatures to attack players when they are cast. The creature will not attack the player when the crowd control wears off, and nearby creatures will not become hostile to the player either. However, if a visible player gets too close to the target creature, the creature will remember and attack the player when the crowd control effect wears off. The intent is to make it easier for dungeon groups to manage crowd control assignments and pulling packs of hostile NPCs. The abilities affected by this change are: Hibernate, Entangling Roots, Wyvern Sting will still cause hostility when it begins to deal damage, Freezing Trap, Polymorph, Repentance, Shackle Undead, Blind, Hex, Bind Elemental, Banish, Seduction.


 Druid Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Druids now gain 1 attack power per point of Strength, down from 2. They continue to gain 2 attack power per point of Agility while in Cat Form or Bear Form.
Entangling Roots and the equivalent spell triggered by Nature's Grasp no longer deal damage.
Innervate now grants an ally target 5% of his or her maximum mana over 10 seconds, but still grants 20% of the druid's maximum mana over 10 seconds when self-cast.


Balance

Insect Swarm now generates 8 Lunar Energy for druids with Eclipse.
Moonfire now generates 8 Solar Power for druids with Eclipse.
Sunfire now generates 8 Lunar Energy for druids with Eclipse.


Glyphs

Glyph of Innervate now causes the druid to gain 10% of his or her maximum mana over 10 seconds when Innervate is used on a friendly target, in addition to Innervate's base effect.


 Mage Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Ring of Frost now has a 1.5-second cast time.


 Paladin Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Holy

Beacon of Light can no longer be dispelled.
Speed of Light now increases movement speed when Holy Radiance or Divine Protection are cast.


 Priest Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Priest Bug Fixes

Players will no longer prematurely cancel a channeled spell when clicking on the Lightwell.


 Rogue Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Blind duration against enemy NPCs is now 1 minute, while the duration against players remains 8 seconds.
Stealth now once again begins its cooldown once the rogue leaves Stealth.


 Warlock Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Warlock Bug Fixes

It is no longer possible to leave combat while channeling Drain Soul.


 Warrior Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Overpower now has a 1.5-second cooldown and global cooldown Taste for Blood's Overpower cooldown has not changed.
Retaliation, Recklessness and Shield Wall no longer have stance requirements.


Dungeons & Raids

Dungeon Journal is in the process of being implemented. While some UI elements may exist in the current Public Test Realm build, the feature is not yet complete.


Guilds

The Reins of the Dark Phoenix, purchased from the Guild Vendor, has had its art improved. It's now less transparent and indisputably more awesome.


PvP
Battlegrounds

Eye of the Storm has been added into the rotation as a 10-man Rated Battleground. The tug-of-war style capture points have been replaced with Arathi Basin style capture points to better support 10v10 competition. This change applies only to Rated Battlegrounds. Eye of the Storm is otherwise still a 15-player Battleground with tug-of-war style capture points.


War Games

Many improvements are being made to the War Games interface, though the changes are not yet fully functional.


User Interface

Characters can now be reorganized at the Character Selection screen. This feature not yet fully functional and the reorganization of characters doesn't save at this time.
The cast bar can now be moved to display below the Character frame.
Move Pad is a mouse-click interface for movement which is now built into the base interface.




Patch 4.1 Hotfixes - May 2
May 2

Classes
 Death Knight Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Death and Decay can be cast correctly on Cho'gall's trapdoor or other transports.


 Druid Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Efflorescence will heal targets standing on Cho'gall's trapdoor or other transports regardless of the druid's location.


 Paladin Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Consecration can be cast correctly on Cho'gall's trapdoor or other transports.


 Rogue Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

The energy gained from both ranks of the Murderous Intent talent is now properly applied immediately after Backstab consumes energy.


 Shaman Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

The internal cooldown of the mana effect from Water Shield has been doubled.


 Warlock Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Due to the damage increase when Unstable Affliction is dispelled post-patch 4.1, the spell power coefficient applied to its dispel damage has been reduced.


Dungeons & Raids
Stratholme

Players should be able to complete the quest Weapons for War regardless of tradeskill.


Zul’Aman

Akil’zon’s Static Disruption will no longer chain if players are more than 5 yards apart and is now cast every 12 seconds, up from 5.
No non-elite creatures should drop epic loot.


Zul’Gurub

No non-elite creatures should drop epic loot.


Items

The Gurubashi Punisher is correctly able to be sent in the mail between characters.
Horde players no longer have access to Alliance-only tabards.


Professions
Archaeology

The new rare Archaeology items should now correctly grant skill-ups when crafted.


PvP

Player should no longer have issues resurrecting and using graveyards in Battlegrounds under certain conditions.


Quests & Creatures
Mount Hyjal

Twilight Juggernauts are now immune to Death Grip and cannot be moved from their location without being engaged. Players are still able to engage and kill the creatures while on the quest Disassembly.


Stonetalon Mountains

Deepmoss Webspinners are now properly exiting combat.
The quest item Krom’gar Flame Thrower for the quest Ashes to Ashes is now zone-bound.