Boubouille2011-06-21, 04:25 PMMidsummer Fire Festival
The festivities have begun as the citizens of Azeroth and Outland celebrate the hottest of seasons by playing with fire all across these worlds! You'll want to take part no matter your experience or character level, as this is one of the most rewarding holiday events of the year. It's also one of the most PvP-heavy events, so strap into your gladiator gear and get ready to desecrate or defend the Midsummer bonfires.

As with most holidays you'll want to stop by a capital city to begin the event’s main quests, including the ever-fun torch tossing challenges. While in each of the capital cities, be on the lookout for enemy players; stealing the flames from capital city bonfires is a necessary step in getting everything out of this once-a-year event.

Ultimately you'll collect Burning Blossoms through your participation in these events, a special holiday currency you’ll then spend to purchase various items and pets available from the Midsummer suppliers and merchants.

New or Leveling Players

If you're not at max level yet you'll want to stop by the bonfires located near most towns and cities. By honoring the friendly bonfires, or desecrating the enemy faction bonfires, you'll be awarded a great deal of experience and gold. Be sure to use a Burning Blossom while at a bonfire to receive an hour-long critical strike buff to increase your damage output while questing. Relighting an extinguished bonfire will also grant a zone-wide buff that gives all players a bonus fire damage proc.

Dancing around the ribbon pole at any friendly bonfire location will grant you a 10% bonus to XP for up to an hour spin longer to increase the buff duration. Make sure you're stopping by as many locations as you can to honor or desecrate each bonfire, and keep the 10% bonus up to make leveling even faster.

Be warned that desecrating enemy fires will flag you for PvP -- even if you play on a PvE server!

Level 85

The Frost Lord Ahune appears during the Midsummer Fire Festival, and max-level characters can use the Dungeon Finder to queue up for a chance to take on this holiday boss. Talk to Luma Cloudsister once you’re inside the instance to begin your quest to summon and defeat Ahune. If successful, he’ll drop one of five ilevel 353 cloaks Icebound Cloak http://db.mmo-champion.com/i/69770/icebound-cloak/, Shroud of Winter's Chill http://db.mmo-champion.com/i/69768/shroud-of-winters-chill/, The Frost Lord's War Cloak http://db.mmo-champion.com/i/69766/the-frost-lords-war-cloak/, The Frost Lord's Battle Shroud http://db.mmo-champion.com/i/69767/the-frost-lords-battle-shroud/, Cloak of the Frigid Winds http://db.mmo-champion.com/i/69769/cloak-of-the-frigid-winds/, and very rarely a unique Formula: Enchant Weapon - Deathfrost http://db.mmo-champion.com/i/35498/formula-enchant-weapon-deathfrost/ weapon enchant recipe for enchanters. Players will also receive a Satchel of Chilled Goods http://db.mmo-champion.com/i/54536/satchel-of-chilled-goods/ for their first Ahune victory each day. These satchels contain Justice points, a very small chance at the Frostscythe of Lord Ahune http://db.mmo-champion.com/i/69771/frostscythe-of-lord-ahune/, and an even smaller chance at an ice elemental non-combat pet http://db.mmo-champion.com/i/53641/ice-chip/. Although only one Satchel of Chilled Goods http://db.mmo-champion.com/i/54536/satchel-of-chilled-goods/ can be had per day per person, a group of five characters can summon and defeat Ahune five times in the same instance by each using their quest item to summon him.

‘Til the Last Ember

On July 4, players are invited to their faction’s capital cities to enjoy a fireworks display and toast the end of the Midsummer Fire Festival. Revelers will appear in the city streets looking for a /dance or /kiss, rewarding those that reciprocate with a limited-duration buff. Fireworks displays will start at 6:00 p.m. PDT and occur every hour on the hour until the end of the event.


Shall We Play a “War” Game?
Last December we introduced a new feature to World of Warcraft called War Games. This feature would provide players with the opportunity to face off in battles of epic proportions for fun and bragging rights. Arena teams and Battleground teams could meet up, pick their field of battle, and go toe-to-toe to hone their skills, see who was king or queen of the hill, and settle a score or two. While this was an exciting new feature, starting a War Game wasn’t as visible or easily accessible as we had wanted it to be. To address this issue, patch 4.2 implements a new interface option within the Player vs. Player H tab that makes it easier than ever to call out friend or foe for a face-off.


http://media.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2011/june/wargames_small.jpg http://media.mmo-champion.com/images/news/2011/june/wargames.jpg

To answer your burning questions, we’ve updated the FAQ below.

Q: What's a War Game?
A: A War Game is an unranked match in which one group of players challenges another group to an Arena or Battleground skirmish in a setting of their choosing. The leader of the group will be able to initiate a War Game by opening the Player vs. Player window H as explained below.

Q: How does it work?
A: After you've formed your group a minimum number of party members is needed depending on the Battleground or Arena chosen, open the Player vs. Player window H, and select the War Games tab. To start a War Game you must be the party leader, select a Battleground or Arena, target an opposing party leader, and click the Start War Game button.

The other party leader will receive a pop-up notice stating " has challenged you to a War Game in the ."

The challenged party leader then has a little over a minute to accept the challenge. Once he or she accepts, each group will be placed in the queue and will receive a pop-up window prompting them to enter the skirmish once it's ready.

Q: Can I play War Game skirmishes against members of my own faction?
A: Yes! The War Game skirmish system allows you to challenge players in your same faction to Arena and Battleground matches. You can also challenge those of the opposite faction.

Q: What Battlegrounds and Arenas are available to play?
A: Players can choose from the drop-down menu the following Battlegrounds and Arenas to play in:


Battlegrounds

10v10 minimum 5v5

Warsong Gulch
Twin Peaks
Battle for Gilneas
RatedEye of the Storm

15v15 minimum 8v8

Arathi Basin
Eye of the Storm
Strand of the Ancients

40v40 minimum 10v10

Alterac Valley
Isle of Conquest
Random Battleground


Arenas 2v2,3v3,5v5, minimum 2v2

Nagrand Arena
Blade’s Edge Arena
Ruins of Lordaeron
Dalaran Sewers
The Ring of Valor
All Arenas



Q: Can I challenge a team from another realm to a skirmish?
A: No, you can only challenge opponents on your own realm.

Q: Can I start a game if one team has fewer group members than the other?
A: You are able to create a Battleground War Game with uneven team sizes, but you are not able to create an Arena War Game with uneven team sizes. For example, an 8v5 Warsong Gulch War Game is possible, but launching an Arena War Game with uneven team sizes won't work.

Q: What's the largest possible size for a War Game?
A: Arena War Games can support up to 5v5 matches. Battleground group sizes are limited to the maximum number of participants each map normally allows.

Q: Are any statistics recorded from War Game skirmishes?
A: No, they work similarly to the old Arena skirmish system. Kills, damage, and healing are tracked and displayed at the end of the match, but wins and losses are not.

Q: How long does it take for a War Game match to start?
A: Once the challenge has been accepted, you will generally be through the queue in less than 30 seconds. War Games offer you a quick way to get into practice matches with other teams, test out potential recruits, or just have fun with your friends.

Q: Can I receive achievements or guild experience in a War Game?
A: Because you can pick who you play against, nothing is awarded for playing in these skirmishes -- except for the rush that comes with a hard-won victory, of course.

Q: Do I get honor for killing players in a War Game Battleground?
A: No. These are skirmish matches, so no honor is awarded for objectives or kills.

Q: Why have you added this feature?
A: Players have long been asking for a way to challenge specific teams, guildmates, friends, and rivals to skirmish matches in Arenas and Battlegrounds of their choosing. We hope you enjoy this new feature, and we look forward to seeing you on the battlefield!