Boubouille2011-07-14, 06:13 AMDragonwrath, Tarecgosa's Rest - Legendary Staff "Delegation" Quest
Shattered Oath  US - Emerald Dream has been progressing nicely on the Legendary Staff questline and released a video of the Delegation  quest to recover the Branch of Nordrassil  after defeating Volcanus the Firelord. 

The video below is from a Restoration Druid point of view, they also released one from an Arcane Mage PoV 

Description from the video 
Poor guy. Three phase fight, pretty easy. If you wipe you must do all the phases again.

Phase 1: Harbingers of Flame are the same trash from Alysrazor but more of them, just assign interrupters.

Phase 2: The Tormented Protector should be tanked away from the middle. He'll root the entire raid then cast a 1,000 yard knockback that will knock you off the edge to your death unless you have his roots debuff on you. The roots also tick for 10,000 a second and should be dispelled after his stomp.

Burning Treants spawn in the middle, move slowly and pulse a hellfire around them that will kill you if you stand near them, ranged should kill and knockback them.

Phase 3: Volcanus himself summons slow moving columns of killsyou and pulses a steadily increasing AoE so you should bloodlust on him.



<iframe width="700" height="455" src="" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>


Blue Posts
Dungeon Journal bugs and accuracy
We are looking at the concerns over the faces blocking the map view in the Dungeon Journal. We're aware of this concern and may provide an option to turn them off at a future point in time. We'll provide information on this though when we are able.

As for the concerns over accuracy, there is always the potential for information to change based on adjustments made to the bosses and the fights. Overall though, the Dungeon Journal should be seen as an accurate representation of the boss fights and abilities. We have seen a lot of misunderstandings or inaccurate information provided via external sources and hope that the Dungeon Journal can better shore up those external sources with its information.

As for some concerns over missing loot, we did purposefully leave out "grab-bag" items. Meaning, items that have the potential for dropping on multiple bosses were not added to the listing of items. We may choose to change this decision at a future point in time if we feel that it's causing additional confusion. For now though, just be aware that these items do not appear in the listed loot tables. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

25 Daily Quests Limit
Is there a point in daily quest limits? Yes. Of course there is. Dailies allow people the opportunity to gain in some cases reputation as well as money or skills. We also don't want people feeling that they need to do 100+ daily quests a day just because they can either. It should also be about making choices on an individual basis about what quests you want to work on and still not get overwhelmed by the amount of dailies you feel you need to do each day.

People have asked us if we'd ever raise the cap to this, and we can't say we never will. If the time comes that we think it's a good idea, we'll address the possibility then. For now, it's as it is. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 


Fun and Games at gamescom 2011
Surely you’ve heard the news by now: Blizzard Entertainment will be at gamescom 2011 in Cologne, Germany, from 17—21 August, and we’ve got a whole host of fun and games waiting for you.

You an eSports fan? Come and enjoy the StarCraft II show matches, featuring some of the best players on the planet. Want to witness top guilds’ abilities and precision? For the Horde  and Ensidia  will confront the latest dangers to threaten Azeroth in World of Warcraft Live Raids.

If that’s not enough to satisfy your insatiable appetite for entertainment then make sure to take part in our activities and show the gamescom 2011  audience your talent.



Become your character and show off your style in the Blizzard costume contest! Terran, goblin, zerg or worgen. Mage, zealot, warrior or overlord. Your imagination is the only limit!
Choose a World of Warcraft race, put on your dancing shoes, and prepare to dazzle the audience as you show us your moves. That’s right, it’s the Blizzard dance contest!
Prove your knowledge of the Blizzard Entertainment universes! Enter our daily quizzes to receive your well-deserved rewards.


To apply for entry into the dance and costume contests you simply need to send us an email at gamescom2011@blizzard.com. If you are selected to participate we will let you know. We expect a lot of competitors for both contests, so make sure you contact us as soon as possible to have a shot at winning some amazing prizes! All the details regarding the dance and costume contests’ rules and prizes will be posted in an upcoming blog article.

So, are you ready to take to the stage and dance and dress your way to victory?


New Warcraft Fan Art
The Blizzard Fan Art Section  has been updated with four new pieces of fan artwork. 


       