Boubouille2011-07-09, 02:14 AMUpdate - Oh well, Blizzard posted hotfixes 10 mins after my post went up. Updated!

Patch 4.2 Hotfixes - July 8
July 8

Classes

Combat pets should no longer aggro creatures while the player is mounted.


Dungeons & Raids
Firelands

Baleroc

Death knight Bloodworms are no longer removing stacks of Torment when they explode to heal other players.

Ragnaros

Molten Elementals are no longer able to critically hit players.
The responsiveness of the Molten Power ability has been increased on Heroic difficulty.

Rhyolith

Multiple volcanoes casting Eruption will now create separate stacks. Crushing a volcano will cause its stacks of Eruption to fade shortly after.
Ranged pets can no longer damage Rhyolith’s legs without beginning the encounter.

The Ancient Lava Dweller can no longer be looted by engineers with the Loot-A-Rang.
Unbound Pyrelords are no longer casting Ignite Elemental on the same target. All Unbound Smoldering Elementals should now be changed to Unbound Blazing Elementals by the time the pyrelord dies.
The Unbreakable Shell buff present on Unbound Smoldering Elementals now reduces damage received by 50%, down from 90%.
Unbound Smoldering Elementals are now correctly resetting and are no longer retaining Blazing Flame when they leave combat.


Items

Riplimb’s Lost Collar seemed to truly be lost. This item now properly has a chance to drop from select creatures.
Several Ruthless Gladiator’s items have had their Stamina values increased to more appropriate levels.


Season Transition Compensation
We wanted to let everyone know that we’re working to address the miscommunication that occurred regarding the introduction of new item level 371 PvP gear, and share our current plans.

For background, many players spent their Honor Points on item level 365 gear once Season 9 ended only to find that more powerful item level 371 gear was available when season 10 started. We should have communicated ahead of time that this was going to be the case, and we apologize for the mistake.

We’ve been working over the past few days to evaluate and determine the best course of action to offer players some kind of compensation for those who were caught off guard by the new gear. The plan we’ve found to be achievable within an acceptable amount of time is to provide players who were affected with 4000 Honor Points. This extra Honor would function similarly to the currency down-conversion in that it would stack over the cap, but you would not be able to earn more until you spent under the 4000 cap.

The process of determining who was affected is certainly the most difficult task of this issue, and the entire process of figuring out who should receive the Honor or not and then delivering it isn’t anything less than a giant undertaking. We’re still evaluating many of the processes that will be required to make this happen. Although we’re fairly confident we can pull it off, there is still a chance it may not be possible. Due to other service related work the soonest we would be able to distribute this Honor is the 7/19 Tuesday maintenance. More complicated solutions we discussed could take months to implement, but we felt getting something to those affected as quickly as possible was more important.

Although some of this is still uncertain we felt it best to let people know as far in advance as possible to allow for adequate planning. We’ll be able to provide more information and specifics on how this process will be carried out, and the requirements to receive the 4000 Honor, next week.

Again, we apologize for any inconvenience caused by our miscommunication. We greatly appreciate those who took the time to give us constructive feedback on the matter.


Majordomo Staghelm US First Kill by Vodka
vodka  was the first guild in the US to defeat Majordomo Staghelm in heroic mode and reach Ragnaros, congratulations to them!


 


Blizzard Art Gallery Update
The World of Warcraft Art gallery  has been upgraded with 4 new pieces of art.


       


New Warcraft Fan Art
The Blizzard Fan Art Section  has been updated with four new pieces of fan artwork set within the Warcraft universe.


       