Boubouille2011-07-13, 03:14 AMPatch 4.2 Hotfixes - July 12
July 12

Pet Defensive stance will no longer cause the pet to assist the player while a vanity pet is active.


 Druid Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Rake should again be able to trigger Primal Fury.


Dungeons & Raids
Firelands

Characters who make for a good Dinner Time should no longer be ported to Ancient Core Hounds they are not in combat with when the ability’s effects end.
Fire Scorpion and Flamewaker corpses no longer provide loot or reputation when they’re eaten by Hell Hounds and Fire Turtles.
Unstable Magmas are now gaining energy properly from the Flamewaker Animators.
Alysrazor

Voracious Hatchlings will now Imprint on a new target if their current target dies.

Majordomo Fandral Staghelm

Flame Scythe now properly hits pets.
Fandral can now cast Searing Seeds and Burning Orbs while moving.

Ragnaros

Several locations which could be used to avoid damage from Engulfing Flames have been adjusted so they’re no longer safe spots.
Combustible will always be reapplied to Living Meteors, even if the attacking character dies as a Meteor Impact occurs.
Living Meteors will now become frozen by Cenarius under all conditions when transitioning into phase 4 on Heroic difficulty.
If a Living Meteor is frozen in the lava pool during the transition into phase 4 on Heroic difficulty, it will teleport on a player after the stun ends, but will no longer explode immediately. Players now have a 2-second window to escape the meteor’s melee range.
Living Meteors will gain the Living Meteor Transform buff once frozen in the Breadth of Frost trap, even if a meteor is knocked into it.
If a Living Meteor's fixated target drops aggro via Feign Death, the meteor will target the pet, and then select a new non-pet target upon which to fixate.
Ragnaros now enrages after 18 minutes in all raid difficulties and sizes, up from 15 minutes.



Quests & Creatures
Hyjal Regrowth & Molten Front

Wounded Hyjal Defenders should no longer sometimes spawn in with full health and in a standing position when players are on the quest Burn Victims.
Molten Lords no longer become tapped by the first player who attacks them with any of the Trained Fire Hawk's abilities while on the quest Fire in the Skies, allowing for any player who dealt damage to the Molten Lord to gain quest credit upon its death.
Windcallers now respawn within 1 minute on average for the quest Into the Fire when both are rendered inactive. Additionally, players will only experience a maximum of approximately 75 seconds of a delay before they are able to initiate the escort event.



Arena Season Transition Compensation
We're still on track for 7/19 and will have some additional info posted soon on who should expect to receive the 4000 compensation points. 


World-Class Professional eSports at BlizzCon 2011
We’re pleased to announce that the Global Battle.net Invitational and GSL October Final are both set to take place live during BlizzCon Friday, October 21, 2011 and October 22, 2011. Top competitors from all over the world will take to the stage in front of a sold-out crowd and put their skills to the test for a combined prize pool of nearly $300,000 USD. Whether you’re attending BlizzCon in person or from the comfort of your own home, you’ll be able to catch all of the action and root for your favorite players.

More information about BlizzCon and the 2011 Global Battle.net Invitational can be found at the official BlizzCon websitewww.blizzcon.com, and more information on the GSL can be found on its official websitewww.gomtv.net. Read the official press release here 


Art Gallery Update
The Trading Card Game art gallery  has been updated with 10 new pieces of art.


         
         


Comics
Dark Legacy Comics #296  and Teh Gladiators #252 + #253  are out!


  ]  [url=