Boubouille2011-07-22, 02:46 AMBlizzard Leaked Product Slate Mostly Confirmed
Blizzard finally announced the release of World of Warcraft in Brazil see the press release below 5 months after I first mentioned it in a news post , proving once again that if I throw enough random stuff on the front page I will eventually be right every now and then! 

For more information, you can check the previous news posts about that leak:



Blizzard Product Slate "Leak" 
Brazilan and Japanese locale added in 4.0.6 - Blizzard Slate confirmed? 


Also, some dates probably shifted a little since the release of that slate and realistically, the WoW movie probably got kicked out of the schedule for the moment.


 


World of Warcraft coming to Brazil in 2011
SAO PAULO, Brazil. -- July 21, 2011 -- At an exclusive press event at the Museu da Casa Brasileira in São Paulotoday, Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. announced that a fully localized Brazilian Portuguese version of its critically acclaimed massively multiplayer online role-playing game, World of Warcraft®, will be released in Brazil later this year. Brazilian Portuguese will be the ninth officially supported language for World of Warcraft worldwide, and the third supported language in Latin America, complementing the existing English and Spanish versions.

An official Brazilian Portuguese World of Warcraft community website will also be available at launch.

In addition, players in Brazil will have access to customer service for the game in Brazilian Portuguese.

"One of our top priorities is ensuring that our games are easily accessible to players all around the world. By offering a fully localized version of World of Warcraft along with customer service in Brazilian Portuguese, we’re able to deliver an experience that meets our standards and the expectations of our players in Brazil," said Mike Morhaime, CEO of Blizzard Entertainment. "We look forward to welcoming Brazilian gamers to the global World of Warcraft community, and we hope they have a great time in Azeroth."

World of Warcraft, which now includes the content of thefirst expansion, The Burning Crusade®, as part of the base game, will be available in stores throughout Brazil at a suggested retail price of BRL 29.90. Fully localized versions of the second and third expansions, Wrath of the Lich King™ and Cataclysm™, will also be available at a suggested retail price of BRL 99.90 each. World of Warcraft, Wrath of the Lich King, and Cataclysm will come packaged in a DVD case and will include the game media and documentation in Brazilian Portuguese.

Existing players on the North American realms will be able to download and install a free language pack to play World of Warcraft in Brazilian Portuguese. In addition, Blizzard will be creating designated Brazilian Portuguese realms as an option for players who have installed the language pack or purchased the Brazilian Portuguese game client.

Subscription plans will be available at launch at an expected price of BRL 15 30 days, BRL 42 90 days, and BRL 78 180 day. Sixty-day time cards will also be available in retail stores at launch.

Players will also have the option to purchase and download full Brazilian Portuguese versions of World of Warcraft and its expansions through Blizzard’s Battle.net website , using international Visa or MasterCard, or by using various local debit cards, credit cards, cash payments, bank transfers, or eWallet options through Blizzard Entertainment’s payment-gateway partner, DineroMail, for no additional fee. These payment method options include Boleto Bancario in Brazil.

Additional pricing details and an official release date for the Brazilian Portuguese version of World of Warcraft will be announced closer to launch. For more information on World of Warcraft in Brazilian Portuguese, please visit: 


       
       


World of Warcraft Mobile Armory for Android™ Now Available
The World of Warcraft Remote app for Android has leveled up to become the World of Warcraft Mobile Armory! We've just released a brand-new update for the free official World of Warcraft application for Android devices, and you can get it now from the Android Market. With the name change comes a number of improvements and additions that will help you stay even more connected to World of Warcraft wherever you go, including:



Talents and glyphs
Professions
Reputations
Calendar events
Bookmarks
Search improvements
And much more!


Visit the Android Market  and download the free Mobile Armory app today.

Android is a trademark of Google Inc. Portions of this page are reproduced from work created and shared by Google  and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License 


Thrall: Twilight of the Aspects -- Excerpt One
Written by New York Times bestselling author Christie Golden, the new novel Thrall: Twilight of the Aspects is now on store shelves. We’re pleased to present a series of three excerpts from the novel for your reading enjoyment.

Read the first excerpt below.

[Read More] 