Boubouille2011-07-27, 01:50 AMFirelands 25-Man Heroic Mode Stealth Nerf
A couple of unanounced changes were deployed on live realms and nerfed Firelands raid bosses apparently.



Baleroc's health was changed from 217M to 195.6M in 25-Man Heroic Mode. 
Majordomo Staghelm's health was also reduced by about 10% in 25-Man Heroic Mode.


I'm still trying to track down the changes but if you noticed something else, please post a comment in this news post or in the existing threads of the Raids & Dungeons Forums ! Picture below shamelessly stolen from Sinfonia's post 

Hopefully Blizzard will eventually tell us what the changes exactly are. 


 


Ragnaros 25-Man Heroic World 2nd Kill by Method
A few hours ago, Method  became the second guild in the world to defeat Ragnaros in 25-Man Heroic mode! Congratulations to them! It also means that we'll eventually get a nice video from Paragon in a few hours. 


 


Blue Posts
Battle.net Authenticator Changes
We understand the concern many players have with the recent Battle.net authenticator changes. To that end, we’re exploring the idea of adding an “Opt Out” option within Battle.net Account Management, which would then force the prompt for an authenticator code whenever you log into World of Warcraft.

To be clear, we have gone to great lengths to ensure Battle.net accounts and authenticators provide players with a high level of security. Maintaining a safe and secure Blizzard gameplay environment remains a top priority for us. 

[...] We've been discussing the best way to implement new options for this feature since the moment it was announced. We don't yet have additional details about exactly how we might implement the feature, or whether it's something you'll need to opt out of by default, or opt into by default. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

Very Rare Drop Mounts
You'll likely always see a variety of ways to obtain mounts in the game. We don't necessarily implement all of them in a way that ensures we acquiesce all mount collectors or achievement hounds.

We want a healthy number of mounts to remain fairly rare in the game, and sometimes that involves making them huge luck finds in dungeons or raids. For the average player, there will always be plenty of new mounts to acquire or work toward, but we also want to have a decent variety of coveted mounts that only a lucky handful of players will find.

Players often express concern that they end up looking like everyone else when they acquire awesome gear. This was somewhat a flip from the concept that tier sets were much too difficult to obtain back in the day. We share this concern and also think it's a problem that would apply to mounts as well, if some of the more rare ones out there had their RNG components removed.

There are so many mounts in the game now that having some really rare and random prestige rides is okay by us. ; Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 


TCG Art Gallery Update
The Trading Card Game art gallery  has been updated with 10 new pieces.


       
       
   