Boubouille2011-07-23, 05:16 AMParagon kills Heroic Ragnaros in 10-Man
Since Paragon  still holds the only recorded kill of Ragnaros in heroic mode, it is probably worth reporting that they also killed the 10-Man version as well. Congratulations to them, see their statement below!

After a very deserving break from a tight raiding schedule that we kept for the past few weeks, we went back in to the Firelands. The goal was pretty simple: Check out the fights on 10-man heroic to gauge their relative difficulty compared to 25-mans. There's been so much discussion on various community sites about this topic, saying that 10-mans are "overtuned" and near unkillable and whatnot. Others saying it's the other way around.

After a quick clear of the filler bosses yesterday, we decided to go all out on Ragnaros today. We begun importing our 25-man tactics and had multiple very silly wipes. Once we realized we could just ditch the overly complicated tactics, we made several P4 wipes. Soon afterwards we were able to slay him and get the world first 10-man Ragnaros Heroic kill as well.

All in all, Ragnaros on the 10-man Heroic mode took 32 wipes in total with everything such as multiple disconnects included.


 


Adopt a Pet and Support Japan Earthquake Relief by July 31
Until July 31, when you purchase the latest World of Warcraft companion up for adoption in the online Pet Store ,c:33, we’re donating 100% of the $10 USD adoption fee to the American Red Cross's Japan Earthquake and Pacific Tsunami  relief efforts.

This is a great time to tame the wild and noble Cenarion Hatchling! This little critter is the twin of the rare Hippogryph Hatchling pet players could randomly encounter in the first World of Warcraft Trading Card Game set, Heroes of Azeroth -- and he's emerged from the forests to lend a helping talon to some friends in need. This support will enable the Red Cross to provide shelter, food, emotional support, and other assistance to victims of this disaster.

To learn more, please visit the Pet Store FAQ 

The American Red Cross name and emblem are used with its permission, which in no way constitutes an endorsement, express or implied, of any product, service, company, opinion, or political position. For more information about the American Red Cross, visit 



 


Thrall: Twilight of the Aspects -- Excerpt Two
Written by New York Times bestselling author Christie Golden, the new novel Thrall: Twilight of the Aspects is now on store shelves. We’re pleased to present a series of three excerpts from the novel for your reading enjoyment.

Read the second excerpt below.



[Read More] 



Blue Posts
 Druid Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Feral performance in PvE
That said, we're happy with Feral performance in PvE overall. It we were to nerf Predatory Swiftness, it'd have a minor impact on PvE. Unheeded Warning is both a PvE and PvP problem. The particular mechanics of the trinket keep it disproportionately powerful for Feral druids. Nerfing Berserk would have PvE ramifications, but we'll take steps overall to make sure your dps doesn’t drop in PvE. We do everything we can to ensure we're considering all aspects of gameplay when approaching class balance. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

Feral stealth isn't superior to Rogue's
Given that they are exactly the same mechanically, this shouldn't be the case. This has been a particularly pervasive myth that I'd like to lay to rest. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

The fact that this shouldn't be the case, doesn't mean it isn't. Also, saying its a myth, or believing it must be, does not make it so.
You're correct. Merely saying something isn't so, doesn't mean a thing.

Knowing that they're the same ability used by different classes, and knowing that this exact issue has been tested, repeatedly, in response to claims otherwise, does. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

Feral Instinct
This is correct, choosing the Feral spec and gaining Feral Instinct merely brings Feral spec Stealth into line with Rogue baseline stealth whose talents have been rolled into the ability. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 


Blizzard Art Gallery Update
The World of Warcraft: Burning Crusade Art  gallery has been updated with three pieces representing the Warcraft universe.


 

 

 