Boubouille2011-07-29, 06:35 AMRaidBots.com - Classes and Specs comparisons in Raids
If you ever wondered if you suck more than that other guy in your raid, or if your spec is just slightly underpowered compared to his on the boss you're currently fighting, RaidBots.com 's statistics is probably the answer to your questions!

It features spec scores and DPS stats for all classes in the game based on WorldofLogs  parses and it should help you get an idea of how you're supposed to perform. You can also filter stats by boss/instance/difficulty through the menu on the right and if you're a little desperate, it might be an interesting way to know which classes you want to stack to defeat a specific boss ... but please don't hate me for saying that. 

The picture below is the current ranking of classes in 25-Man heroic mode, keep in mind that guilds are still working on those bosses and it will take a few more weeks for them to stabilize. And yes, the mages going up to 52000 DPS is most likely a bug from the Alysrazor fight, but I'm going to point it out just in case. 


 


Masterwork Elementium Deathblade  changed to 3.5 Speed
The reason for this confusion stemmed from a quirk in the way item hotfixes have to be applied, unfortunately. We hope to have the item's data completely corrected soon so others are not caught off guard by what the tooltip currently states.

Yes, obviously Blizzard needs to fix the tooltip on the pattern and the item if they're not going to just make it 3.80 like it ought to be. But, I think the real question ought to be:

Why isn't it 3.80 anyway?
At 3.80 speed, the weapon was over-performing relative to its cost and the ease with which it can be obtained. 

[...] We wanted this weapon to be roughly on par with weapons from the previous tier, since it can be purchased from the Auction House. It wasn't intended to compete as much with current raid drops, as it felt weird that a strength-based DPS crafted weapon was more attractive than some of its counterparts.


More Free VoDs to Prepare for the 2011 European Battle.net Invitational
It’s time to get warmed up for the free HD live stream of the 2011 European Battle.net Invitational. We’ve begun uploading free VoDs from some of the best StarCraft II, Warcraft III and World of Warcraft matches from last year’s event, and there’s a new video waiting for you!



WoW Arena final: *aAa* vs. L.C. ActioN 



     

Interested in watching Arena matches between the best European eSport teams? Then you should watch the videos of the final of the 2010 European World of Warcraft Arena Invitational! This four-round final pitched two Arena titans against each other: French eSport team ’aAa’ ‘against All authority’ and ‘L.C.ActioN’ ‘LightZ CaMerA ActioN’, with several of the best European players among their rosters. This clash of two mirror teams will also be remembered as the bloody reunion of two former team mates, but this time on opposite sides of the arena: world famous ‘L. C. ActioN’ warlock Inflame, and ‘aAa’ restoration druid Enigmz.

Watch these fierce battles on the 2011 European Battle.net Invitational website to find out who clinched the 5,000 USD first place prize.

Be sure to come back frequently as we will regularly add more free VODs!


New Warcraft Fan Art
The Blizzard Fan Art Section  has been updated with four new pieces of fan artwork set within the Warcraft universe.


       