Boubouille2011-08-16, 08:42 AMBlue posters are still awfully calm and depending on what happens this week, you might see a few other-games related news on the front page during Gamescom this week. 

I also had people contact me to ask why I "ignored" the US Battle.net Invitational WoW tournament, the answer is simple, Blizzard didn't release any information for it yet , only the Starcraft 2 tournament was streamed and there is no match results or VoDs on the official site for the WoW tournament. Hopefully it will be updated soon.

Blue Posts
Legendary Questline Difficulty
To be fair, we've heard complaints that this is too hard for X, where X = just about every class/spec. It's supposed to be extremely challenging, harkening back to the feel of the Molten Core item quests, which were also not easy. On the other hand, you have unlimited attempts and time to try to figure it out.

Warlocks have a good dispel in Devour Magic Felhunter, though it's understandable that sometimes more PvE-oriented locks don't have as much experience using their pet in this manner.

It may be really hard, but the feedback we've heard from those who have completed it including warlocks, is that it ultimately brings a major sense of accomplishment. If you want a legendary item, this questline isn't for the faint of heart. But we do wish you luck. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

2011 Blizzard Global Writing Contest!
Blizzard Entertainment is proud to present the 2011 Blizzard® Global Writing Contest!

You sit at your typewriter, hands frozen in fear by the sound of crumpling paper from the darkness behind you. Shadows of broken quills encroach on your sight's periphery but slither out of view when you turn toward them. Summoning your courage, you lash out at the apparitions before they fade, only to awaken in a cold sweat with pencils and pens gripped tight in your clenched fists. You know what this dream foretells: the 2011 Global Writing Contest is upon us!

The Prophecy of the Unblinking Eye portends of a time when writing contest judges, mad with ocular fortitude from judging the 2009 and 2010 Global Writing Contests, would brazenly unleash the powers of the Ocunomicon. Seeking rituals to infuse themselves with the twisted souls of fel ocularians, they look to wield powers not meant for this or any other contest. But the sacrifices of semicolon keys and left-handed quills have only just begun, their Inkwells of Despair not yet depleted—there is time yet to save this contest!

Is your prose pulchritudinous enough to save this contest from eldritch powers that no eye should possess? If so, submit a 2,500- to 7,500-word short story written in English and set in the Warcraft®, StarCraft®, or Diablo® universe by September 28th, 2011, and earn your chance to visit the Blizzard headquarters and meet the writers and staff behind the lore of Blizzard's games and books. And probably save the world, too!*

Grand Prize - The grand prize winner will receive a trip to Blizzard's headquarters in Southern California, where you'll meet and eat with the Blizzard writing staff. In addition, you'll receive a Doomhammer™ hammer by Epic Weapons and copies of the StarCraft Archive, the Diablo Archive, the Warcraft Archive, the Warcraft: War of the Ancients Archive, and World of Warcraft: Chronicles of War. All books will be signed by Chris Metzen, their respective cover artists, and the Creative Development Publishing team.

Runners-up - Seven runners-up will each receive copies of the StarCraft Archive, the Diablo Archive, the Warcraft Archive, the Warcraft: War of the Ancients Archive, and World of Warcraft: Chronicles of War. All books will be signed by Chris Metzen, their respective cover artists, and the Creative Development Publishing team. Blue Tracker  / Official Blog 

Recent Quest Tracker Update
This is a known bug for which we have a fix lined up in patch 4.2.2. This bug also affects other UI elements, such as your saved role and collapsed headers for quests, reputations, etc. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 


Trading Card Game Art Gallery Update
The Trading Card game art gallery  has been updated with ten new pieces.


       
       
   


The Daily Blink - At Least the Cardboard Box Went ‘Boink’
Another excellent comic from The Daily Blink !


 


DotA 2 Trailer
In unrelated news, a DotA 2 trailer for Gamescom was released  today. More information will likely be released later this week. For more discussion, see the topics in our Video Games forum www.mmo-champion.com/forums/293-Video-Games.

The game will be previewed through The International , a tournament held during the Gamescom this week with a $1M Cash prize! Shortly after, League of Legends  announced a $5M Prize Pool  for the Season 2 of their championship. 


 

<iframe width="700" height="455" src=";hd=1" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>