Boubouille2011-08-17, 04:34 PMUpdate - Added Press Conference Video and fixed "Whack-a-Gnome" ... Apparently, that's "Whack-a-Gnoll" .... Too bad. The guy who gave me that info will be quickly fired! 

Also, Transmogrification will have a lot of restrictions when it's first released, check out this blue thread for more information  I'll get everything on the front page soon

Patch 4.3 Press Conference Video
The entire video of the press conference is finally online! Watch it on own3D in HD  The World of Warcraft stuff starts around 19:00


<object width="640" height="360">
<param name="movie" value="" />
<param name="allowscriptaccess" value="always" />
<param name="allowfullscreen" value="true" />
<param name="wmode" value="transparent" />
<embed src="" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" allowfullscreen="true" allowscriptaccess="always" width="640" height="360" wmode="transparent"></embed>
</object>

Patch 4.3 Interviews - Updated
Interviews keep hitting the web and we now know a few more things thanks to the interviews on Kotaku , Gamona.de , and Buffed.de !

New Raid

Deathwing raid will be the final raid of the expansion.
You will even get to ride on Deathwing's back during the fight, apparently to take him down over multiple phases.
The project for an Abyssal Maw is gone for the moment, the storyline wasn't convincing enough/fitting.


5-Man Instances

3 new 5-man instances will be added in this patch.
One of the instance will be in the Caverns of Time, for the War of the Ancients


Transmogrifier Preview below

The Transmogrifier NPC, which will let you change the appearance of any armor piece on you, while retaining the stats of your current gear. = T12 stats, but with the Tier 2 look! 
Players won't be able to change the appearance of their armor into another armor type or class armor set, and you might have to own the armor before you can use it to swap the appearance of your existing armor. 


Void Storage

The Void Storage is a new type of bank where players will be able to store their old armors in order to free up space in their regular bank. 
It will hold 100-150 items. Anything stored there will lose all gems and enchantments. 


Raid Finder

The Raid Finder will be introduced in Patch 4.3, it will work like the Dungeon Finder.


Darkmoon Faire

There will be a new Darkmoon Faire island with a bunch of new activities such as "Whack-a-Gnome" "Whack-a-Gnoll" Sorry gnomes!



Patch 4.3 Preview - Transmogrification
You’ve been asking for it, and we were listening. In patch 4.3 you’ll be able to customize the appearance of your weapons and armor like never before.

The Ethereals, emerging from the nether, will bring with them a new technology they call Transmogrification. They’re heading to the capital cities of Azeroth to set up shop and to offer adventurers a unique service -- copying the appearance of one magical item onto another. They only ask for a modest gold donation to recoup their costs.

Visiting a Transmogrifier will present players with a new interface that will allow them to change the appearance of an item while retaining its original stats. This means that you can raid in your paladin tier 12 Immolation set, but look like you’re wearing Lightbringer, while priests can bring Benediction back -- at least in spirit. Hunters can once again roam the jungles of Stranglethorn Vale in their tier 2 Dragonstalker set. You could even slip into the saucy tailored Black Mageweave set for that matter. You know, with the thigh highs, and the little gloves, and the cute little… ahem.


 

Placing an item into the Transmogrifier interface will offer a preview of how the item will appear once the change is applied. However, not all item pairings are compatible with Transmogrification. In general, only items that have stats can be used in the transmogrification process. You must also be able to wear both items when using this service. Ethereals don’t have much in the way of ethics, but allowing someone to appear as if they’re equipping unusable items crosses the line. Similarly, they won’t allow you to change weapon or armor types. Sneaky death knights can’t make that breastplate look like a cloth robe, and you can’t make a one-handed axe look like a two-handed axe, or transform a sword’s appearance into that of a mace. Guns, bows, and crossbows will be the exception to this rule. You will finally be able to retain your dwarf’s racial gun bonus while appearing with all the splendor and elegance of a bow wielder or at least the relative silence of one.


 

Placing items into the Transmogrify interface will increase the gold cost of the process, and clicking the Transmogrify button assuming you have the necessary funds will put the appearance change into effect. The process can be reversed by clicking the undo icon on each item, and then hitting the Transmogrify button once more to save the changes. Any item that’s transmogrified will have text indicating it’s been altered by the process for all to see, similar to the item tooltip callout for reforged items.


 

Transmogrification encourages players to hold onto items with sentimental or aesthetic value, and the Ethereals anticipate that personal bag and bank space will be at a premium now that everyone will be hoarding their frilly pantaloons and leather jerkins. In anticipation of this new demand for additional storage space, they’ll be introducing a unique Void Storage service. What’s Void Storage, you ask? We’ll provide more details soon.


 

We’re looking forward to seeing how players choose to customize their character’s appearance, and hope you’re as excited as we are for the arrival of patch 4.3 and the Transmogrification feature. Do you have a favorite set or weapon that you’ll be bringing back? Let us know in the comments below.