Boubouille2011-08-05, 01:28 AMWorld First Glory of the Firelands Raider by Ascendance
Just when you think you ran out of world first, someone just decides to grab another one! Ascendance  EU-Alonsus is the first guild in the world to complete the Glory of the Firelands Raider  achievement, and they have been rewarded with a brand new Corrupted Egg of Millagazor ! Congratulations to them!


 

 


Patch 4.2 Hotfixes - August 4
August 4

General

Balloon pets can no longer be sold to vendors.
Flight points in Outlands should correctly display for characters created after the release of patch 4.2.


Classes

Melee auto-attacks should properly trigger trinkets.


 Druid Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Primal Fury is correctly triggered when Rake gets a critical hit, and is putting an extra combo point on the target.
Starfall should no longer strike targets with which the druid is not in combat.


 Hunter Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Burning Adrenaline is properly removing the focus cost of Arcane Shot.


 Rogue Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Mutilate should now properly trigger trinkets.


 Warrior Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 

Deep Wounds should no longer incorrectly apply double damage when certain buffs are present on the warrior.


Dungeons & Raids
Blackrock Spire

The Scarshield Quartermaster is properly flagged as a quest NPC and not a rare spawn.


Firelands

Burning Orb attack range has been increased for the Majordomo Staghelm encounter.
The criteria for the achievement Do a Barrel Roll! reset properly after a failed attempt on Alysrazor.
Smoldering Essences are now properly applied to Firelands bosses and can be syphoned, even if the only raid member that is on step 13 of the legendary quest line dies during the encounter.
Players should never get Rage of Ragnaros on Heroic difficulty. Rage of Ragnaros will only be given on normal difficulty if someone on the legendary quest line has 250 shards. Heart of Flame should always be given on Heroic difficulty, even if a player doesn’t have Rage of Ragnaros, but does have 250 shards.


Icecrown Citadel

The Val'kyr will again despawn after the Lich King reaches 10% health. If they are in the process of carrying a player, they will first drop them to the ground before leaving.


Zul’Farrak

Player should no longer be unable to open the gates to complete the dungeon due to NPC allies dying during the troll invasion event.
The Zul'farrak Zombies and Skeletons of Zum'rah, associated with Witch Doctor Zum'rah, now clean up properly when the encounter is reset or the boss dies.


Items

The weapon speed of the Masterwork Elementium Deathblade has been reduced to 3.5, down from 3.8.
Ricket's Magnetic Fireball now shares a burst cooldown with other on-use trinkets.
Unheeded Warning now grants 1926 attack power, instead of 680 weapon damage.


Item Sets

The Burning Treant and Fiery Imp pets summoned by the Balance druid and warlock tier-12 sets now have reduced damage taken from area-of-effect spells, consistent with other combat pets.
The Smoldering Rune buff from the death knight tier-12 2-piece set bonus is now properly cleared off of the character if he/she does not have the set bonus the next time it ticks for runic power.
The Spirit buff gained from the 4-piece priest tier-11 set will be lost if the priest casts any spell or uses any ability while not wearing the set.
The warrior tier-12 4-piece damage-dealing set bonus is now properly activating, even if a Mortal Strike or Raging Blow attack is fully absorbed.


PvP
Strand of the Ancients

Stampeding Roar druid spell no longer grants a speed boost to Demolishers.


Quests & Creatures
Hyjal Regrowth & Molten Front

Molten Lords should no longer stay tapped by the first player who damages them while on the bombing run for the quest Fire in the Skies.



Announcing the Schedule for the 2011 European Battle.net Invitational
All set for a weekend packed with the finest eSports action right from World of Warcraft’s Arenas and the depths of StarCraft II’s Koprulu sector? Great! But there’s one last thing you need to do before we begin: find out what will happen, and when, in the event schedule.

Whether you watch via the free HD live stream  or dive into the crowd in person at the Multikino in Warsaw—this schedule is what you want to study to get the ultimate experience out of these two days.


 



On Saturday, watch the contestants’ arduous climb through the double-elimination brackets. We expect skilful manoeuvres, all-engulfing battles, and combatants emerging heroically from this clash of the best.
On Sunday you’ll be able to witness one grand final after the other. Steel yourselves for this feast of top-notch eSports entertainment and stay tuned for the celebration of the grand winners.


See you in Warsaw or else you’ll see us 