Boubouille2011-08-24, 02:12 AMMMO-Champion Forums Moderator Recruitment
Good news everyone! We're recruiting moderators for the forums! The amount of users and posts keeps increasing at a very fast pace and we reached the point where we need some help before the trolls take over and play Whack-a-Mod in the new Darkmoon Faire. I know it sounds fun, but I'm going to assume we don't want that. 

The forum traffic keeps increasing at a rate of +100% every year, and I'd like to thank all the users contributing to our wonderful, friendly, and fluffy community. 

Read this if you plan to apply

Please please please, do not apply if you're just super bored at the end of August before you go back to school/work. I'm not asking for a life-long commitment, but more than 2 weeks would be nice. 
Do not apply if you only want to wave your banhammer at random people. Moderators are expected to post on the forums they moderate regularly, contribute, keep the sticky posts clean and updated, etc ... 
You will be expected to be on IRC most of the time to communicate with the rest of the team. This is very important, and you're not getting promoted before you come and say hi. We can tell you how that works, it's pretty easy
If you apply to moderate a class forum, you will be expected to know how your class works. 


I can do that! What do you need from me?

You will need a certain level of activity on forums over the past x days to be eligible to apply on a forum. I'm not going to go into details, but it will make the selection process much easier on our side if we can easily spot who is active and who isn't. 
A reasonable amount of free time, but probably less than you think. If you're already an active poster and if we don't screw up, you are it will probably just 10 more minutes to your daily forum routine. 
Don't be stupid. Realistically, it will be easy to figure that out by going through your post history, but if you got infracted 5 times over the past month, you're probably out. 


How do I apply?

Fill this very simple form  
Your application will be listed and admins will review it. It should be slightly faster than in the past, since most of the data we used to gather on applicants is now obtained automatically. Yes, we're going to stalk your forum life
You will get a PM from our lovely Scrapbot if you're refused or accepted. If you're accepted, more instructions will follow, and cake. 


Important

There is a 14 days waiting period before you can reapply after your application got rejected/accepted. 
One of the "base" requirements to be eligible to moderate a forum is to have 100 posts in the past 90 days in that forum. A little over 1 post/day for a moderator doesn't seem excessive, and is required to have credible moderators. 
The post limit might change in the future for some forums, the current limits are just a test and we'll see how things go. 
Do not apply to another forum just because you're not eligible for the one you wanted in the first place. That's dumb, especially since limits might change soon. Within a week
It doesn't mean you'll get recruited on that, if we only see shitty posts in your history you're going to get refused so fast that it will feel like a saturday night with me. 
The moderator application process will always be active from now on, don't rush your application thinking it will be your only chance, we'll now recruit very regularly. 
Past infractions won't block you from applying or being a mod if they're small infractions. Obviously, if you did something incredibly stupid your chances to be a mod will be greatly lowered. 



Blue Posts
Transmogrification Questions
Q: If you have armor and weapons on you person that are no longer available in the game can you use those skins?
A: Yes, you can -- assuming they fulfill the other criteria for eligibility.

Q: If I have a weapon that equips on the hip and I mog it to one that equips on the back, will it continue to equip on the hip like the original or will it switch to the back like the one I used to mog with?
A: The way a weapon sheathes is tied to its artwork, so the weapon will appear sheathed in whatever fashion the source item for Transmogrification did. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

Q: Will Main Hand only weaponry be 'Mog"ifiable to the offhand slot?
A: Mainhand can only be applied to mainhand, and offhand can only be applied to offhand. This is partially due to the restrictions on certain types of weapon art.

Again, these are our first tentative steps with Transmogrification, and there's room for modifying the rules later on after the system is introduced, and we see how things shake out. Heck, the rules aren't even quite set in stone right now, and might change further before the system is introduced. 

Q: If WoW was designed to not be "silly" why have the items in the game in the first place?
A: World of Warcraft has a design aesthetic that limits silliness, not omits it utterly. We all like a laugh now and then. That's why we have so many fun novelty items, easter eggs and humorous quests. Still, with a handful of exceptions, there's been a pretty firm line drawn between what amounts to a novelty item which we anticipate players showing off occasionally for a laugh, or to enjoy on a temporary basis, and items that we intend players to use in their day to day activities.

It's that handful of exceptions that are the sticking point. It's the items like frying pans, cleavers and rolling pins that we're not sure we want players running around with on a constant basis. The jury is still out on that.

I'm sure that there will be those that still find ways to make the most ridiculous outfits possible despite any precautions we take. We can't possibly anticipate every permutation of gear combinations that people will come up with, but we can strive to design the system so that there are fewer completely ridiculous looking characters running around. Yes, that's partially subjective. Yes, we also have a design aesthetic that, even with the introduction of the Transmogrifier, we still want to adhere to. No, I don't care if you personally think that any given tier set looks "silly"; that's not what's at issue. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

Transmogrification of White and Grey Quality Items
We're still discussing exactly what will or won't be available for transmogrification. So far, as others here have said, if it has stats and isn't a "silly" item such as a fish weapon, to my knowledge it will likely be available to transmogrify. However, as I said, nothing is finalized yet and things are subject to change before and after the feature has been released. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 

So, about that button to disable transmogrification
The Transmogrify feature will allow players to customize the look of their character within reason. We've already stated that it's likely certain items will not be available to transmogrify, including fish as weapons, and other items such as frying pans, for this very reason. As you know, armor types will also be locked, preventing tanks in cloth dresses for example.

The rules will be tweaked as time goes on, but we're keen to keep the outlandish outfits to a minimum. What players wear while socialising in cities is up to them, exactly the same as now. Blue Tracker  / Official Forums 



Trading Card Game Art Gallery Update
The Trading Card game art gallery  has been updated with ten new pieces.


       
       
   