Boubouille2011-09-26, 06:13 AMPatch 4.3 on Test Realms This Week?
At least, that's Blizzard's plan for the moment. The Patch 4.3 Recap  posted a few days ago should keep you alive while you wait. 
We're intent on getting the 4.3 Public Test Realms up potentially within the next week.

As you mentioned, there's still a lot of work to be done on this patch, so a lot of the content will be rolled onto the test realms over time. Transmogrification, Void Storage, some balance changes, and several UI updates/improvements will likely make the PTR right away. The dungeon/raid content, legendary questline, Dungeon Finder updates, and especially Raid Finder are still very much works in-progress
In any case, we can expect to see official patch notes soon according to an update on Zarhym's personal twitter account !/talkingcongas/status/117033411083894784 on friday.

Making a style, grammar, and formatting pass on #WoW patch notes is... Wat wuz eye saeing?


Diablo III Delayed Until 2012
I didn't have time to report that last week with all the announcements, but if you were waiting for Diablo 3 ... you will have to wait just a little longer. 
We commonly use the term “soon” when referring to Blizzard releases, because we know that no matter how hard we’re working to reach a target, we’re not going to compromise and launch a game before it’s ready. For Diablo III, we were aiming to launch by the end of 2011. As we’re announcing globally today , our new target for the game is early 2012.

While this news might not be a complete surprise, I know that many of you were hopeful that Diablo III would ship this year. We were too. However, this week we pulled together people from all of the teams involved with the game to decide whether we felt it would be ready before the end of December, and we grudgingly came to the conclusion that it would not. Ultimately, we feel that to deliver an awesome Diablo sequel that lives up to our expectations and yours as well, we should take a little more time and add further polish to a few different elements of the game.

The upside of today’s announcement is that we will be running the beta test longer than we initially planned, which will allow us to invite more of you who have opted in 

For those taking on the Diableard challenge , we salute you -- and now fear for your well-being and personal hygiene. We hereby issue an official reprieve to all Diableard participants, including Blizzard employees, if you want to trim or otherwise manage the lower half of your face. We’d still love to see your beardly achievements, and we look forward to seeing more of your efforts as we move into 2012, but not to the detriment of your workplaces and significant others.

Thank you everyone for your support and anticipation for Diablo III. We’re still moving ahead at full pace, and we’ll be keeping you fully informed of any news and developments here at Diablo3.com , including the specific release date when the time comes, so stay tuned.


Trading Card Game Art Gallery Update
The Trading Card game art gallery  has been updated with ten new pieces.


          
          


Comics: Dark Legacy and Teh Glad
Dark Legacy Comics #305  and Teh Gladiators #272 + #273  are available!


   