Boubouille2011-10-07, 02:08 AMImportant - Curse.com is getting a brand new design soon and we need your help to beta test it! Check out the new layout on CurseBeta.com  and browse around! 

When you're done, we'd love if you could spend a few minutes completing the poll  to let us know what you think of the new website. Thanks!


Patch 4.3 - PTR Build 14809
A new build is being deployed on test realms, it seems fairly minor but has a few interesting things. 

Models
Azshara got a brand new texture on the left!


 


Client Strings
It looks like people who have the proper role for an item will get a bonus when they roll on it ... or something like that. 
LOOT_ROLL_ROLLED_NEED_ROLE_BONUS = "Need Roll - %d for %s by %s + Role Bonus"; 

Achievements
Cataclysm Raid

Deck Defender  Defeat Warmaster Blackhorn without allowing any Twilight Barrages to damage the Skyfire.
Siege of Wyrmrest Temple  Defeat the bosses laying siege to Wyrmrest Temple in the Dragon Soul raid.
Fall of Deathwing  Defeat the encounters leading up to the Fall of Deathwing in the Dragon Soul raid.
Heroic: Morchok  Defeat Morchok in Dragon Soul on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Warlord Zon'ozz  Defeat Warlord Zon'ozz in Dragon Soul on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Yor'sahj the Unsleeping  Defeat Yor'sahj the Unsleeping in Dragon Soul on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Hagara the Stormbinder  Defeat Hagara the Stormbinder in Dragon Soul on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Ultraxion  Defeat Ultraxion in Dragon Soul on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Warmaster Blackhorn  Defeat Warmaster Blackhorn in Dragon Soul on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Spine of Deathwing  Emerge victorious from the Spine of Deathwing in Dragon Soul on Heroic Difficulty.
Heroic: Madness of Deathwing  Destroy Deathwing in Dragon Soul on Heroic Difficulty.


Player vs. Player - Tol Barad

Alizabal  Defeat Alizabal.



Spell Changes
 Druid Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Tier 12

Item - Druid T12 Restoration 4P Bonus  now has a 15 yards range, up from 8 yards.


 Paladin Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Tier 12

Item - Paladin T12 Holy 4P Bonus  now has a 15 yards range, up from 8 yards.


 Priest
Holy

Tome of Light  now reduces the cooldown of your Holy Word spells by 30/60%, up from 15/30%.


Tier 12

Item - Priest T12 Healer 4P Bonus  now has a 40 yards range, up from 20 yards.


 Warrior Forums  / Talent Calculator  / Skills/Talents 
Tier 13

Item - Warrior T13 Arms and Fury 4P Bonus Colossus Smash  now has a 6% chance to proc from Bloodthirst and 13% from Mortal Strike. No longer procs from Raging Blow.